"The most common audits were about waste and recycling."	0
"The company fabricates plastic chairs."	0
"The school master teaches the lesson with a stick."	0
"The suspect dumped the dead body into a local reservoir."	0
"Avian influenza is an infectious disease of birds caused by type A strains of the influenza virus."	1
"The ear of the African elephant is significantly larger--measuring 183 cm by 114 cm in the bush elephant."	0
"A child is told a lie for several years by their parents before he/she realizes that a Santa Claus does not exist."	0
"Skype, a free software, allows a hookup of multiple computer users to join in an online conference call without incurring any telephone costs."	0
"The disgusting scene was retaliation against her brother Philip who rents the room inside this apartment house on Lombard street."	0
"This thesis defines the clinical characteristics of amyloid disease."	0
"Ten million quake survivors moved into makeshift houses."	0
"On a friend's advice, I purchased a sauerkraut and kimchi maker here and it is just fabulous (and cheap too)."	0
"NASA Kepler mission sends names into space."	0
"As a landscape company in Atlanta, we know which plants thrive in this planting zone and know the optimum landscaping designs for local yards and business."	0
"As I was contemplating if I had a favorite in the pink category, a gift arrived from a sweet friend."	0
"The male took over the entire care of the young that had left the nest."	0
"The famous actress arrived at the airport."	0
"An FTP server is an inexpensive and relatively simple to operate tool that works great for filesharing over the internet."	0
"Beneath this invocation there is a zoo of fearsome beasts, including several man-eaters, as well as sphinxes with lions' bodies and human heads."	0
"The song was composed for a famous Brazilian musician."	0
"This outline focuses on spirituality, esotericism, mysticism, religion and/or parapsychology."	0
"The bomb was in a suitcase loaded in Frankfurt and transferred to the doomed Boeing 747 in London."	0
"I spent a year working for a software company to pay off my college loans."	0
"The captain and the crew of the Steve Irwin are grateful for the support of the City of Fremantle and Mayor Brad Pettitt for hosting the event."	0
"Organic sesame oil has an anti-bacterial and anti imflammatory effect."	0
"Mileson has sold his humble abode to a housing developer."	0
"The same effect is achieved the traditional way, with a team of workers like Keebler elves."	1
"He has built a formidable reputation writing powerful dramas for the stage and screen, based on real events or socially vital issues."	0
"He produces drawings and videos that have been shown in museums in Europe and America."	0
"Therefore, nowadays China is the complex mixture of different cultures from various epochs."	0
"Of the hundreds of strains of avian influenza A viruses, only four have caused human infections: H5N1, H7N3, H7N7, and H9N2."	1
"Many of his literary pieces narrate and mention stories that took place in Lipa."	0
"When I'm walking alone, I count the steps of the stairs, and I also guess approximately how many steps are left till I reach the next street."	0
"Essentially, the blisters that appear in the mouth are caused by the herpes simplex virus type 1, HSV-1 for short."	0
"The man at the helm was watching the luff of the sail and whistling away gently to himself, and that was the only sound excepting the swish of the sea."	0
"Still further, the circuit comprises a digital adder and an analog-to-digital converter with an analog input connected to the output of the operational amplifier and a digital output connected to a first input of the digital adder."	0
"Dolf Oehler, a leader in the leftist camp of Heine champions since the 1970s, gathered a group of likeminded critics for this symposium."	0
"The cartridge was marked as empty, even with ink in both chambers."	0
"A pod of sperm whales was beached on Italy's southern coast and at least five died in what experts said was a rare and puzzling mass beaching for such a large species."	0
"Roundworms or ascarids are caused by an intestinal parasite called Toxocara canis."	0
"The subject of "imply" is the source of an implication while the subject of "infer" is the recipient of an implication."	1
"My cat has a problem with his paw."	0
"The treaty establishes a double majority rule for Council decisions."	1
"The accident has spread oil into the ocean."	0
"A tidal wave of talent has emanated from this lush village."	0
"These coins are enclosed in a clear hard plastic case with a blue background that is packaged in a blue box."	0
"By dividing the space in a kitchen drawer where you keep all your cooking utensils, you grouped items by size or purpose."	0
"Then, the target PET bottle was put inside of a metal container, which was grounded."	0
"News programs commented on the violence from the game and expressed worries on how it would affect the players' personalities."	0
"The narrative comprises the interplay of two themes that are woven together as it criss-crosses back and forth between the life of nineteen year old Greg Kowalski's desire to become a firefighter and his heart-rending life growing up in Saginaw Michigan where he had to endure the physical and verbal abuse handed out by his appalling father."	0
"As Vinay collapsed in pain, the villagers poured acid into his eyes."	0
"The room was filled with huge Jack-the-Dripper canvases."	0
"The gulp of magpies just left after a quick breakfast of peanuts and cookie crumbs."	0
"The proposal was debated and enthusiastically endorsed in 2002 by a convocation of international scholars that included many prominent academics, among them scientists of the stature of the late H. Curien, H. Varmus, P. Crutzen and J. Sachs."	0
"In South Africa, which has one of the best police to public ratios on the continent, the share of murders that result in a conviction is about 18%, compared to 56% in the US and 61% in the UK."	1
"A group of monkeys who escaped from an enclosure at Edinburgh Zoo are one step from being caught."	0
"People now post their opinions to this blog."	0
"Traffic vibrations on the street outside had caused the movement of the light."	1
"Poodles of all types were the ideal circus dogs when not dyed pink and wearing diamond colliers in Via Veneto or Maxim's."	0
"A digital door lock is an electronic lock for residential applications such as front doors on apartments and single-family houses."	0
"Red grape wine is an alcoholic fruit drink of between 10 and 14% alcoholic strength."	0
"The text also exists in a transcript by a professional scribe, which was prepared for Sir Dudley Carleton."	0
"A witch is able to change events by using magic."	0
"The committee is an integral part of our organisation."	0
"I have inserted a clock into the presentations."	0
"The family constructed some TCU Horned Frog supporting snow features as well as just a really nice picture of an old fashioned light post."	0
"One simple method for clearing small clogs is to use a tried-and-true combination of baking soda and vinegar."	0
"The complete statue, topped by an imposing head, was originally nearly five metres high."	0
"In the article, the authors explore the use of technology in small pharmacy chains."	0
"The following comments are provided by readers and are the sole responsiblity of the authors."	0
"The Organic Act of 1868 made several specific references to the powers and duties of the president of the university after stating that he be elected to office by the Board of Regents."	0
"This grand cru wine is made from Pinot Noir grapes and is medium to full-bodied in style."	0
"The slide, which was triggered by an avalanche-control crew, damaged one home and blocked the road for most of the day."	1
"Since the inspector had left the yard, early that morning, he had disappeared."	0
"International ship sewage regulations have entered into force."	0
"Ambassador SUN Shuzhong answered the questions from the local press after his visit to the Memorial Center in Kigali on Dec. 28, 2007."	0
"Her children have gone into exile."	0
"A Bedouin mediator again returned her when her father promised not to hurt her, and then her father killed her with an iron bar."	0
"He put a rebound into an open net for his eighth goal."	0
"The UBC graduate student spent his free time creating an application called ColorSplash that lets people play with the colour in their digital photos."	0
"The safety bar of the seats has to be folded down by the passenger and it has to be kept closed during the journey."	0
"By 1715 the cabriole leg was in general use, and the back of the chair had started to become square in shape: no longer was it the characteristic tall and narrow feature of the previous century."	0
"Muscle fatigue is the number one cause of arm muscle pain."	1
"Lawhammer coat: A slang term for a man's formal evening coat, because split tails resemble the claw of a hammer."	0
"The magazine was founded in order to keep athletes serving as soldiers informed about their sport back home."	0
"Many professional cartomancers use a regular deck of playing cards for divination."	0
"Many films have portrayed mental illness or used it as a backdrop for other themes."	0
"The software company addressed the problem with the publication of a fix on Saturday."	0
"Drinking down the rest of his papaya nectar, and wiping his mouth he turned and hurried away throwing a goodbye and wave over his shoulder madly dashing thorough the crowds."	0
"This volume analyzes central concepts of the contemporary political debate."	0
"The defendant was released from custody on March 2, 2001."	0
"In addition, the plant builds four-cylinder "Ecotec" that are used in vehicles like the Chevy Malibu and Cobalt."	0
"We used fried cheese as an element in a dish."	0
"The castle was inside a museum."	0
"More and more English Premier League clubs are falling into foreign ownership."	0
"The man was carried into a waiting police car from Coleraine Times."	0
"The aim of this section is the interpretation of the results and their relation to the existing knowledge."	0
"Bunn has recalled 35,600 single-cup pod brewers because the drawer of the coffeemaker opens unexpectedly during a brew cycle, posing a burn hazard to consumers."	0
"A probe tube is introduced into a reaction container for measuring the operating condition of a medium in the interior of the container."	0
"David Mamet took questions from the audience and shared his views on topics such as television, the democracy of culture and the English accent."	0
"Additionally, the chapter points out the importance of new employee orientation and lists some of the important things to cover during that process."	0
"The monitoring station receives the signal through a communication device and the combined signal is processed to retrieve GPS data."	0
"In this approach, correction and police personnel jointly sought to locate and apprehend offenders who had absconded from parole and probation officers."	0
"The major theme of the book is the beauty of a dream."	0
"It spilled more than 53000 gallons of crude oil into the surrounding marshes one of the bigger spills caused by the hurricane."	1
"Eighteen studies were focused on older adults living at home."	0
"The diseases are caused by gene mutations on the X chromosome."	1
"The pretexts offered were laughable, and the response caused scarcely a ripple on the flood of commentary on Washington's noble "efforts to spread democracy"."	1
"The size of a tree crown is strongly correlated with the growth of the tree."	0
"The State Capital is a disgusting sewer and Bruno is just one in the mischief of filthy rats that proliferate there."	0
"Sci-Fi Channel is the cable network exclusively dedicated to offering classic science fiction TV shows and movies, as well as bold original programming."	0
"The mummified cat was found in a live trap with an empty dish."	0
"The stories are narrated through dance."	0
"The foundry's major product lines include manhole frames and utility covers, airport castings, drainage products, Trench Grates, hydrant and valve components, and industrial castings."	0
"The air was filled with the smell of burning plastic."	0
"Lisa took great joy from laughing, volunteering at school, taking pictures, chatting, the Twins and Vikings, playing softball and volleyball, and time at Lake Vermilion."	1
"Such lines from the pen of a young author widely read by the younger part of the population only confirm the profound change in the mood of the Freuch proletariat."	0
"The receiver was outputting the same tone to my Deva 5."	1
"At least 12 people were killed yesterday when a squad of heavily armed militants stormed the police training school on the outskirts of Lahore, spraying it with gunfire and grenades."	0
"The telescope comprises lenses and tubes: both are extremely important to the performance of the telescope."	0
"We poured the pulp into the tupperware tub filled with water."	0
"Carpenters build many things from wood and other materials, like buildings and boats."	0
"Milk samples were obtained from one milking of each cow."	0
"There's a comparison between the intimacy and accountability offered by a novel and that offered by a blog in which the blogger is participant in an on going conversation, in which the line between reader and original poster is blurred beyond recognition, in which collective comment replaces old-fashioned ivory tower editing with a kind of universal peer review."	0
"His speech criticised the idea of religious education as a journey around the various religions."	0
"The bread prepared with rice flour was considered good by 25% of the assessors, regular by 33%, very bad by 17% and very good by only 8%."	0
"The body unleashes its extraterrestrial passenger, which proceeds to infect the student population at a breakneck pace."	0
"Asteroid threatened Earth with disaster."	0
"In its early years the farm had forty acres, and was a productive subsistence farm with sheep being the primary source of income."	0
"The laptop was inside a protective plastic bag made from LDPE number 4, which can be easily recycled."	0
"Gary Wheelan, a womanizing, adulterous thirty-something Dallas attorney, finally gets what he deserves when his verbal assaults provoke a telephone operator."	0
"He weaves complex tales concerning the romantic concerns of happiness, love and sufferance."	0
"Unlike the forebrain (telencephalon or cerebrum) of mammals, birds, and fish, the forebrain of amphibians is similar across all three orders of amphibians: the anurons (frogs and toads), the urodiles (salamanders and newts), and the caecilians."	0
"After handsome renovations at various locales, the company has remodeled a church into a home."	0
"The hidden camera, found by a security guard, was hidden in a business card-sized leaflet box placed at an unmanned ATM in Tokyo's Minato Ward in early September."	0
"With our help, non-profit human service organizations effectively manage their resources and succeed in the modern era of human services."	0
"The swim bladder of aquatic animals gives them the ability to manioulate gravity and should be researched more."	0
"On the morning of the 16th we again set forward, accompanied by a coffle of fourteen asses, loaded with salt, bound for Sansanding."	0
"The coloring is derived from the Grand Duke's coat of arms."	0
"The Constitutionalist and Republican were arm in arm; and the Quaker and Presbyterian forgot their religious antipathies in this coalition of interests."	0
"A multi-purpose electrician pliers tool is crucial for severing any gauge wire with which the electrician is working."	0
"The GPS network adjustment of data from both epochs is accomplished using the Ski TM software with constrains network adjustment."	0
"We built this city on rock and roll."	0
"The parents went away from the police station, since they were poor."	0
"William H. Parker was the longest serving police chief in Los Angeles Police Department."	0
"Hospitals today use a "blowby" apparatus for this purpose."	0
"The boots were in a box of stuff the boys picked up at the post office just before the curtain fell."	0
"Roadside attractions are frequently advertised with billboards to attract tourists."	0
"Anyway, the guy convinced some local with a car to drive somewhere to procure us some beer."	0
"The placenta fully functions at this time and the fetus makes insulin and urinates."	0
"The design is by my wife, Bianca."	0
"His literary debut occured in 1919, when he joined Esenin's small circle of "literary hooligans," the Imaginists."	0
"My rabbit just had a new litter of rabbits."	0
"Several texts relate mythological anecdotes associated with his birth and exploits and explain his distinct iconography."	0
"These new documents point out a number of troubling strategies utilized by Enron."	0
"To test the punch, the punchcutter makes an imprint on a piece of paper after coating the punch with soot from an open flame."	0
"They connected the plug of the battery box to the plug of the charger."	0
"Our visit is part of the general strategy to engage the global community to benefit our economy, to enhance our national security and of course, to promote the welfare of our OFWs -- the biggest community of which is right here in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia."	0
"The presentation uses animation to show how germs and microbes cause sickness, and outlines simple preventive measures."	1
"The possible implications were indicated in the first publication."	0
"The document is about illegal drugs, which, it claims, are illegal because they are harmful."	0
"A bazooka is going to far away from the orginal Mafia game."	0
"The model is derived from an example used by Bertrand Meyer in his book, Object-Oriented Software Construction."	0
"Researchers synthesized the basic ingredients."	0
"The ale poured slowly into a mug, at first all foam, then turning translucent before suddenly clarifying into a brilliant suds-topped amber."	0
"A central vacuum is a vacuum motor and filtration system built inside a canister."	0
"Formation of the corps of medical cadets was approved by Congress on August 3, 1861."	0
"It was used mainly on Scarff ring mounts, but was also fitted onto the top wing of fighter aircrafts, controlled by a Bowden cable."	0
"The headquarters of the operation were at Tiergartenstrasse 4, Berlin and the code name for the program was derived from that address - T-4."	0
"Analysts assess distribution and changes in distribution over time by using frequency."	0
"The man was travelling into neighboring countries without a permission."	0
"Today it was proved Camp is the third best keeper in the team."	0
"The high-wheelers were descended from an early type of push-bike, without pedals."	0
"A line is one of the basic terms in geometry."	0
"As a result, pollution from cars is causing serious health problems for Americans."	1
"When viewers ignore negative posts, the offending writer often leaves the site."	0
"Molten core have been dropped into the river to investigate the conditions of the occurrence of a steam."	0
"The main origin of the metamorphic lithics is from the mountain ranges located in the north-western."	0
"The core of the analyzer first identifies the infeasible paths using the constraint propagation method."	0
"He has combined intelligent history with moving prose, creating an informative, inspiring narrative telling the history of a great people."	0
"These attributes are inherited to their children."	0
"The bee carries pollen in a pollen basket back to the hive."	0
"A nurse grabs the patient by the arm and escorts her back to her bed."	0
"Simply taking something because it's there is unfair to the person who created the content, and whose rights come first."	0
"The mushroom was found in a mass of wet twigs and leaves."	0
"One win and we've suddenly got a squad of world beaters."	0
"Meanwhile, we placed the potatoes in a steaming basket that was fitting inside a large pot."	0
"'We weren't sure how high we could go', said Bill Baker of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, the building's structural engineer."	0
"This thesis was asserted in a book, written by the police chief of OCRB."	0
"A busy crew behind the counter assembles the sandwiches with two pieces of fried chicken breast, which are beautifully battered."	0
"Rain caused cancellation of the event in 1877, so enforcement of the new law had to wait until 1878."	1
"Professional education is inevitably concerned with the future directions of the profession, and Technology and Society Magazine has published a number of articles about the implications for society of various trends and issues in engineering, computer science, and education."	0
"The second format is that of roundtables organised around keywords, that offer students the opportunity to participate in dialogue."	0
"The website publishes analytical articles as well as advanced statistics and projections for individuals and teams."	0
"The ancient astronaut theory has been addressed frequently in science fiction and horror fiction."	0
"The clustering resulted in 22445 clusters, which were composed from two to thousands of reads."	0
"I got started on this project by reading Jack Keller's recipes for cherry wine."	0
"This song has been entered into the contest unofficially."	0
"He invested dollars into real estate investment trusts."	0
"In recent years, most floppies have shipped pre-formatted from the factory as DOS FAT12 floppies."	0
"On the back wall of the store, beverages within the cooler pop thanks to LED lighting, which also helps cut down on the store's energy costs."	0
"The body was in a bin, next to a dumpster, in a fenced-in area of the complex's parking lot."	0
"In 1952, when Fidel ran for congressman on the Ortodoxo party ticket, it was Father who helped finance his campaign."	0
"His trademark steam-engine puffing is revealed as a sound made by a viper spitting venom at his prey before swallowing her whole."	1
"Sixty-two containers fell into the dam."	0
"Tissues from the dorsal lobe of the pancreas of 8 starlings (Sturnus vulgaris) were examined electron microscopically using conventionally prepared samples."	0
"The "listening" elephant catches the vibrations with its toes, behind which lie pads of acoustically sensitive fat."	0
"You have a bottle with enough marbles in it to make one row across the bottom as it rolls down the track."	0
"An initial staff of 5 yields a net saving of 1 employee, whereas an initial staff of 50 employees is reduced by 10."	0
"The Order of Friars Minor Capuchin (OFM Cap) is an order of friars in the Roman Catholic Church, the chief and only permanent offshoot of the Franciscans."	0
"Musicians used their real nails of the right hand to pluck the strings."	0
"The oil was extracted from Crambe abyssinica seed cultivar Belenzian cultivated in Italy in 1992, using a new cold mechanical squeezing process."	0
"That measured moisture content of bagged samples inserted in a beaker of soil at various depths."	0
"Silent black-and-white flashbacks show his brother punching him with gloves as his father looks on."	0
"You have seen that our 12-ounce cans of soda are now made with pure cane sugar."	0
"The magician shows a bottle full of soda."	0
"Worse, the family money was in a jar in the house and was also lost."	0
"After months of sieges, with some of the most fierce human assaults by numbers many times their own, and when the smoke had cleared, the banner of the knights still stood on the ramparts."	0
"The deadly train crash was caused by terrorist attack."	1
"He directed his criticism at media coverage of the Catholic Church."	0
"Veuve Clicquot's Yellow Label wine in a jeroboam is aged for up to 15 years."	0
"Construction work at the facility started at the end of 1980."	0
"Debate flourishes on the relative roles of the ancient Greeks, Mesopotamians and Romans."	0
"Conditions at Nottingham prison have been criticised in a new report."	0
"The animals on this farm are contented, happy cattle."	0
"She's the lead vocalist and has a sound that captures the listener with a combination of a British/Scandinavian accent that's not lost in the mix."	0
"The coin was enclosed in a protective plastic case."	0
"A parade of pygmy penguins is now a critical economic mainstay, even as generations of migrants develop innovative tourism products and create new export markets."	0
"Speculations on the causes behind the below capacity production of ethanol by the sugar factories in the state figured in the Legislative Council on Tuesday."	0
"Gas drilling threatens public with undisclosed chemicals."	0
"The information came from a Utica Police Department press release."	0
"The chain of Hawaiian islands provides evidence that the Pacific Plate moves to the northwest."	0
"These investigations provided statistical evidence for genuine moral concern for the poor."	0
"All the decking on the ramps need to be replaced (for the second time) because of the damage caused by the misuse of the facility."	1
"A "green bean" which is actually a fruit with seeds inside."	0
"These types of scripts help visually impaired individuals to get more enjoyment from programming because the action on-screen is described for them."	1
"The technique used for combination of information from the different subdetectors was presented during the Tracking-PID-physics meeting."	0
"Broken bones (also called fractures) in the foot are very common."	0
"Seasonal and nocturnal migrations cause sleep deprivation in diurnal Swainson's thrush, Catharus ustulatus."	1
"The aircraft was written off in the accident due to the severe impact caused by the KLM aircraft, and the resulting fire."	1
"Bist du bei mir (en: "Be thou with me") (BWV 508) is an aria by a German composer named Gottfried Heinrich Stoelzel."	0
"We dissolved the contents of one packet in a carafe of water and ran the brew cycle."	0
"In the stem of that tree is a cute little house."	0
"The time machine itself is a plain gray box, with a distinctive electronic "hum" created by overlaying the sounds of a mechanical grinder and a car engine, rather than a processed digital effect."	0
"But few anticipated that a small-scale production by a young playwright could spark the violent confrontation that this weekend resulted in thousands of pounds worth of damage and clashes with riot police at Birmingham Repertory Theatre."	0
"Andronicus wrote a work upon Aristotle, the fifth book of which contained a complete list of the philosopher's writings."	0
"A tableau like this one is placed inside the king's room and refers to court ceremonies."	0
"The following protocol is used for patients who do feel the strings of the device at the external cervical os."	0
"The article does a great job of tying the three procedural cases from last term with larger complex litigation issues."	0
"We all worked together to mix the ingredients, poured the mix into the two cake pans and put them into the oven."	0
"An increased expression of cyclin D1 was seen in our experiments in the lungs of the ferrets supplemented with high dose Beta-carotene."	0
"In this panel the gerbil runs away from the threat."	0
"The airstrike also resulted in several secondary explosions, leading Marines at the site to suspect that the house may have contained homemade bombs."	1
"The keel acts as the backbone of the ship."	0
"Barrages make use of the potential energy in the difference in height (or head) between high and low tides."	0
"In accordance with the provisions of the Interim Agreement both parties agreed on this protocol for the implementation of the redeployment in Hebron."	0
"The third conflict has been caused by the highly polluted wastewater from the industrial park around the town of Kemalpasha."	1
"A report by the commission forecasts that revenues of the nation's post and telecommunications sector will grow 22.4% year-on-year to 60 trillion dong ($3.75b) this year."	0
"The competitor car achieved the top fuel efficiency using a small internal combustion engine."	0
"A Port St. Lucie man who stole a delivery driver's keys to get back at him over a grudge has been arrested on felony burglary charges."	0
"The book takes into account various phases of the life of the Muhammad."	0
"He has just sent spam to the clients."	0
"Panna Cotta was average, except for the plum syrup was a bit overpowering."	0
"The London-based law firm broke the news in a brief statement on Tottenham's official website."	0
"The Fujita Scale is used to rate the intensity of a tornado by examining the damage caused by the tornado after it has passed over a man-made structure."	1
"Last night, my friend ran into a legendary surfer at a bar."	0
"The song basically criticizes the hypocrisy and lack of care from politicians."	0
"Every three to five weeks due to the growth of the horse's hoof, the shoe is removed and the hoof trimmed."	0
"As the downturn has made people more frugal, landfill volumes have dropped."	0
"The prosecution seeks to enter motives into Gibbs trial."	0
"Todd was quite as much on a level with his compeers of the profession, in that country, as was Marmaduke with his brethren on the bench."	0
"The new corporate citizen has landed into legal battles."	0
"Several topics were related through song."	0
"The largest breeding rookery of grey seals is on the Monach Isles, west of Benbecula."	0
"The film trilogy has contributed to a dumbing down of the reception of the novel by the forces of mass-commercialization."	0
"A car went into the river with a man and a baby inside."	0
"We are happy to relay the news that the various rights issues have been resolved."	0
"The SWAT team breaks open a 2nd-floor door with a battering ram."	0
"In the foreground a large upright stone, carved in roman capitals, still exhibits the name of a builder of mausoleums and cenotaphs."	0
"It became the third song by the band to enter the top 5 of the UK singles chart."	0
"The head of the political party that wins the most seats is responsible for forming the government and thereby becomes the prime minister."	0
"These gardeners blew the leaves into the street."	0
"These pages are intended to assist you in accessing Belgian library book catalogues over the internet."	0
"A man from Oxford with leprosy for more than 20 years was cured by the water."	0
"The New York Times printed a story alleging the existence of a classified military space shuttle."	0
"The man's brain was in a jar on my desk, but for all I know he could be out practicing law somewhere."	0
"There's a stand of pink flamingos just beyond the mudflats, where the brochure warns people not to venture."	0
"This is one of the more common causes of hair loss caused by stress and when you are losing hair because of this your hair stops growing and lies dormant."	1
"His tragic ordeal has thrown our nation into mourning."	0
"The film revolves around a cadaver who seems to bring misfortune on those who come in contact with it."	0
"He changed the litter in his pet's litter box."	0
"I welcome the news that a comprehensive agreement on bananas has now been reached."	0
"The stem of the plant is used for making mats for floor covering as well as decoration."	0
"The grandstand completes the concourse around the ground, and it will increase seating capacity to where it should be."	0
"Twelve double-page spreads from the book are enlarged and reproduced for hanging with the exhibit to illustrate some of the techniques used in the creation of the work in the exhibit."	0
"The heroes from our past movies are back and and they now have to compete in Mortal Kombat to save their friends from certain doom."	0
"The construction workers delivered the petition to the governor."	0
"The research team is going into the deep jungle in the Amazon."	0
"Our staff has approached many people for the product survey."	0
"My grandfather reveals some of his ancestors by telling a humorous family story."	0
"Compared to running barefoot, running in conventional running shoes increases stress on the knee joints up to 38%."	0
"For example, the photo at the top of the page shows a pilot's emergency kit with a watch type compass included."	0
"At the bottom of the church steps were three brown parishioners; two more were perched precariously on the railing of the deck."	0
"The Meon activation was done with a light source by bouncing, splitting, and changing the color of the beams."	0
"The county commissioners had deeded the district an acre of land, and volunteer labor had put up a building."	0
"I read the report from Somalia on the agreement reached by faction leaders on the form of a future government that has been warmly welcomed."	0
"There is a rubbery silicone heart, created by an American artist for a whispered 5,000, pounds for exploring 3D visualisation and ways of removing tremor."	0
"This forum is dedicated to the late Lou Alessi, a devoted leather craftsman and an all around gentleman."	0
"This article explains the speech and language difficulties pre-school children encounter and how parents and early years workers can help."	0
"Tributes have been paid to the writer who created Goodness Gracious Me, the hit BBC television series."	0
"I used it to pay for a cartload of firewood I bought from a peasant."	0
"The colors of the rainbow are caused by the dispersion of light as it passes through a prism."	1
"A panel discussion focusing on issues such as domestic violence and fearful relationships was held at the University of Rio Grande."	0
"The phones announced by Vodafone yesterday continue the trend of putting the operator's brand ahead of the handset manufacturer's."	0
"The position of the Catholic Church on the matter is defined in canon law."	0
"Having completed my clutch of conferences for the time being at least, I'm back in the office today ploughing through the usual pile of emails that always accompany any period of absence from the computer."	0
"We bought this photo frame for the mother in law and after putting pics on it i was so pleased with it i went back and bought another for my mum."	0
"A human finger was found in a can of menudo soup."	0
"The shipments have arrived into the stock."	0
"Your doctor tells your blood pressure by using a sphygmomanometer, which is the instrument for measuring blood pressure."	0
"The Wheelchair Foundation donated wheelchairs to people with physical problems in hundred countries."	0
"Eichmann's troupe of talented young dancers has presented the classic fairy tale before."	0
"In the case of public corporations every citizen is a member of the corporation."	0
"We sent the hostname to the primary server."	0
"The shell encloses a rod having a nickel layer with a phosphorous content."	0
"The meeting started at the obscenely early hour of 8.30 am."	0
"The themes of love and gaiety were reflected in sculpture, as were elements of nature, curving lines and asymmetry."	0
"However, only 20 research articles were identified on the topic of health promotion at retirement."	0
"At a recent meeting on the thorny subject of the gas trade between Russia and Ukraine, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Mrs Tymoshenko was a woman with whom he could do business."	0
"When Victor Hugo was shown a poem written by a worker, his embarrassed and patronizing response was "In your fine verse there is something more than fine verse.""	0
"Obama was adapting the tactic to further the bedrock American principle that everyone deserves a phalanx of lawyers."	0
"Desperados is a CBBC children's drama series following a wheelchair basketball team."	0
"Since then, other civil liberties have been set out in other constitutional laws."	0
"I won't tell you how much music means now, in these times, when you are battling depression from unemployment."	1
"But they lost their child, Arife, here, in the muddy, freezing huddle of tents where the survivors eke out a living."	0
"Stone grinding flattens the ski base, removes burnt and damaged base material and provides important micro-structure."	0
"The boy's coffin is carried to the funeral by his uncles."	0
"The shows were marred by some controversy in regard to tickets."	0
"We sailed to Neptune's Grotto on one of the boat excursions from the harbour."	0
"The coffee we got was in a cup the size of a thimble, and it was so strong."	0
"This document looks at the diversity of arts and creativity in rural England, and the key role that the arts play in rural regeneration."	0
"A latching device removably secures and sealingly engages a closure around an opening in a cask."	0
"Ansari allegdely bombed Jhaveri Bazaar and the family took the taxi to the Gateway of India."	0
"Rythmbox moves the song into the MP player."	0
"There is a reward for information leading to the killer of a man whose dismembered body was found in a shopping cart."	0
"Cat toy was filled with trash."	0
"Active transport is a mechanism evolved to mediate traffic across cellular membranes."	0
"White souffle of clouds were strolling along the sky."	0
"Its reputation as an efficient firm of accountants has grown and has attracted a large number of companies."	0
"Bone is built up of many cell types and so far we have only investigated human osteoblasts."	0
"The money was stored in red envelopes with Chinese writing."	0
"This machine is a cluster of 3240 computers, each with 40 processing cores and includes both AMD and Cell processors."	0
"A question was raised in regard to the public announcement of the names of the three finalists."	0
"Relationships between humans of different races have been depicted in more modern series."	0
"The cost of fuel delivered in a vessel bunker is always high."	0
"The difference, though, is that this research targeted the phagocytes with the polymer nanoparticles, and not the cancer cells themselves."	0
"The collision resulted in two more crashes in the intersection, including a Central Concrete truck that was about to turn left onto College Ave."	1
"After they finish wiring, electricians use ohmmeters, voltmeters, and oscilloscopes to measure the amount of electricity running through the system."	0
"From the city the red warriors were rushing toward us, and from the jungle the savage horde of green men were coming to meet them."	0
"These earphones have a short cord so as not to get tangled up or create drag while submerged in water."	0
"A good neck support pillow can be used while you are sleeping to remedy the neck pain which has been caused by the stresses and strains of your daily routine."	1
"The yeast is an ingredient for making beer."	0
"As the boat sailed away from the harbour one of the crew felt increasingly uneasy about some of the signs he observed."	0
"On instruments with stoppable strings, such as the violin or guitar, the player shortens the vibrating length of the string."	0
"Personal anecdotes gathered in oral interviews with rural workers and their allies add a compelling human element to the book."	0
"The movie featured a mutated sheep as the titular monster, which grew larger throughout the movie, until it exploded in the climactic scene."	0
"The mice brains were removed into a 35mm dish."	0
"A heavy storm is moving into the town."	0
"Carolyn Cooke's stories have been featured in the book."	0
"A committee assists the commission with the implementation of the programme."	0
"The ribs are reinforced with metal tips, to which the fabric of the umbrella is sewn."	0
"The yellow blazes denote the trail."	0
"The damage caused by a bullet depends on the amount of energy which it transfers to the tissues."	1
"A musician who has written an album describing suicide bombers has said he is prepared to be imprisoned under new anti-terrorism legislation."	0
"I'm importing old document files into the new software."	0
"Already in recent years, Iowa-raised swans have migrated into regions in Illinois near Savanna where they have had a successful nesting."	0
"Neuralgia (TN) is the most common cause of chronic sinusitis headache."	1
"Certainly it did to the writer at ad agency Saatchi's who pencilled up a storyboard showing a LandCruiser emerging from the far side of the world."	0
"Bibliometrics is an increasingly important tool for research evaluation."	0
"There are serious legal concerns in relation to cases of this kind and these are the factors we have to bear in mind when deciding what we publish or broadcast."	0
"A brick mason is able to use these materials with hand tools and is able to mix the correct mortar to hold it all together."	0
"The distribution of the damage caused by the earthquake in Valdivia in relation to the form of the terrane."	1
"My feet have sunk into the floor."	0
"My aunt has been put into care suffering with memory loss."	0
"After recovery, three rescued turtles come out of their shells."	0
"This dishwasher has simple, straightforward electronic controls."	0
"In the 1960s, a University of Wisconsin graduate student named Thomas Crocker came up with a novel solution for environmental problems."	0
"This test is performed with the patient sitting or standing and with the examiner holding the arm of the patient flexed to 90 degrees."	0
"The first part gives an introduction to safety techniques, where risk analysis plays an important part."	0
"The rainbow flower was made with spool knitted cord on a flower loom."	0
"Although he initially returns to his wife and children, when they return from evacuation after the war, Pavel now sees his wife as cloying and bourgeois."	0
"Palomino-KUM Long Point Pencil Sharpener makes a long pencil point in 2 steps, first sharpening the wood and then precision sharpening the graphite point."	0
"The cadets departed from training with smiles on their faces as they made the journey back to their schools."	0
"The ice chunks fell from an airplane."	0
"Sounds of trumpets, bagpipes, and church organ all appear from the strings of the cello."	0
"The text handles all of this material well, integrating it into the flow of the argument."	0
"A couple embraced next to vehicles piled up by flood waters in Tlalnepantla, Mexico."	0
"The Air is blown into the mouthpiece."	0
"Condo associations are turning to receiverships to collect rent on foreclosed units."	0
"The first I heard of the crisis was from my boss."	0
"This scholarship was awarded to an outstanding student for recognizing her academic excellence."	0
"The misinterpretation has been caused by the Italian word for vacuum tubes, which is valvole (or tubi a vuoto)."	1
"The current Iraqi government is seeking financial compensation from Israel for the damage caused by the bombing of the Osirak nuclear reactor in 1981."	1
"The sheer scale of the death and destruction caused by the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami is impossible to fathom, even five years on."	1
"As a guitarist I get so much satisfaction from the playing and performing of music."	1
"She guessed the backpage of the news paper, and she won."	0
"The McCain team has hastily assembled a team of former Bush White House aides to tutor the vice-presidential candidate."	0
"Potato starch tolerates higher temperatures than cornstarch when used as a thickener."	0
"In this paper, we propose a web-based system for prevention of the confidential information leakage caused by the person who is authorized to access."	1
"The inquiry takes the investments into the 21st century."	0
"The time to the arrival of the first Brownian particle from an equilibrated continuumbath to an absorbing sphere was shown by Bordewijk in 1975."	0
"But the man had a bottle with water in it inside the bag, and it was not accidental."	0
"Transport authorities in the Western Cape have warned of hefty fines for motorists who ignore dedicated lane for buses and minibus taxis on the road."	0
"In effect, rich countries have exported dirty industries to emerging economies."	0
"A congregation of plovers is nesting in the field behind the church."	0
"The sensor has a coil winding in the shell of the cylinder."	0
"Clinically, microcracks cause stress or fragility fractures."	1
"The body that was removed for an autopsy was placed in a lead coffin, which was put inside a wooden case."	0
"In a large oval crock pot I've had some hams that can fit in whole."	0
"His paper narrated the discovery chronologically."	0
"There is a curb between the sidewalk and the shared bus and bike lane on the road."	0
"We study the influence of an external electromagnetic field of 1.8 GHz in the formation or disaggregation of long rouleau of identical erythrocyte cells."	0
"I accidentally dropped my mobile phone into the toilet."	0
"Her husband copes well with his handicap in using a wooden leg."	0
"The search for the coefficients started at the higher scales (lower frequency) since there were fewer WTMM at higher scales."	0
"An academic book has been reviewed by a fiction writer, who complained the book is "academic"."	0
"The handgrip of the micrometer has a circumference of exactly 2 in., so that lateral movement of. 1 in. results in the expulsion of 0.005 ml. of fluid."	0
"The food here is outstanding, thanks to the expertly crafted culinary creations of the head chef."	0
"Unit direct injection also injects fuel directly into the cylinder of the engine."	0
"A gray squirrel runs away from a group of mushrooms."	0
"My shoe laces stay tied all the time."	0
"The land uprises from the river to the hills."	0
"Early and recent pictures had to be perfectly aligned, allowing them to track the movement of moles, wrinkles and other facial landmarks."	0
"The elections to the minority seats are held on separate electorate basis consisting of non-Muslim population of the country under the same general procedures as those for the Muslim seats and at the same time."	0
"Unfortunately, my aunt fell into bad health throughout the year."	0
"In 2006 we reported on a robotic hand that formed rock, paper, scissors gestures by reading a human subject's mind via an MRI scanner."	0
"A plane crash is the first event in that adventure novel."	0
"Since the system is built up of many modules, each weighing less than 16kg, it can be easily transported and installed."	0
"Finally, Slone's fear of AIDS and the mental distress she suffered from this fear were caused by the needle stab."	1
"The majority of the announced reforms had to do with changes in allocation mechanisms."	0
"The outspoken cricket commentator's obscenity as South Africa lost their sixth wicket was heard by listeners."	0
"The glass spindle of the areometer (see figure 2.3.39) is immersed in the liquid under analysis."	0
"The chapel in the manor house was dedicated to the nowadays somewhat obscure St Blaise."	0
"The outlet has the single L-shaped prong for the dryer, but the oven has the standard 3-prong flat plug."	0
"The bag was contained in a secure locker inside the Security Office."	0
"These temple excavations at Luxor discovered a "porch of drunkenness" built onto the temple by the queen Hatshepsut, during the height of her twenty year reign."	0
"One topic that came up in the discussion with the audience was the future of news."	0
"The lychee stuffed in the meat stirs the palate with a resonating note of citrus while the elusive taste of the lotus leaves fades."	0
"The answer metaphorically popped out of the riddle in words."	0
"O'Reilly drew yet more ire from Think Progress smear artists Christy Harvey and Judd Legum by pointing out an obvious truth, that the Internet gives scum of various stripes support and encouragement by linking them up with like minded cretin."	0
"We dissect the body of people who make up a dance company, offering an insight into the roles and responsibilities involved in running a successful company."	0
"The boy ends up having to find a second and third pendant in order to save his family, following clues left by the followers of an ancient brotherhood of four forgotten British kings."	0
"A Saudi prisoner escaped an American detention in the desert."	0
"It is used by the grasshoppers to force a burrow in the earth to receive the eggs."	0
"The suffering caused by the embargo is sometimes reported here as well."	1
"One young pilot placed the medallion in a small leather pouch that he wore about his neck."	0
"The company inserted needles into small lunch-size pork packs."	0
"Also, a small carved wooden sculpture of a rhinoceros was made by craftsmen in Africa."	0
"She had struggled violently with her attacker, who killed her with a blunt instrument."	0
"Plants from the tissue culture laboratory were brought into plant growth rooms."	0
"The company has mocked up a version of YouTube built around the HTML5 video tag, playing mini-movies inside a browser sans plug-ins."	0
"The students had decorated the blackboard with a drawing of a young woman and a bright yellow moon."	0
"The offers have been placed into our catalog."	0
"Douglas obeyed the king, and the heart was enclosed in a silver casket."	0
"The body of 52-year-old Patrick McCormack was hidden in a bin in the walk-in freezer at the back of a fish shop in Galway after he was killed by a criminal associate."	0
"This export company is involved in sourcing various manufacturing commodities and exporting these products to different countries around the world."	0
"The first hyperlink in the post was inserted into a custom field."	0
"For once, the aid is flowing into the areas destroyed by the typhoon."	0
"The criminal just got out of jail from a mutli-million dollar fraud involving his old company."	0
"The Maritime Administration of Latvia is the arm of the government, under the Ministry of Transport, which has the overall responsibility for overseeing maritime concerns."	0
"Even nuclear energy is among the causes of water pollution."	1
"The windshield of the cockpit is much like other windshields except for a few things, laser sensors on the plane find other planes within a 45 mile radius."	0
"Sorace was unaware that her anger was caused by the abuse."	1
"Then I remembered--my paper was in the desk drawer."	0
"The entrance to the temple was originally from the east, near the southeastern corner and decorated with twin monolithic limestone pillars colored red and bearing on the exterior side vertical hieroglyphic inscriptions in sunk relief with the queen's titulary, name and depiction."	0
"As people discovered that debt and overconsumption cause stress to families, the planet, and each of us, many turned instead to friends."	1
"The hall has a 'vineyard-style' seating arrangement similar to that of Walt Disney Hall, in Los Angeles; here the audience will be arrayed on raised terraces surrounding an orchestra platform."	0
"They were prosecuted and sentenced to death by court but, last year 2007 all the five terrorists broke away from a security high-alert jail in Quetta."	0
"We use newspaper advertising primarily to inform customers about new selections available."	0
"Therefore, we have made a new 8-page leaflet informing about all the qualities of our large range of pressure filters."	0
"The newly recruited soldiers arrived to the training camp."	0
"An artificial coral reef sunk off Phuket's Karon Beach two years ago is thought to be responsible for a bumper haul of fish caught by local fishermen earlier this month."	0
"The first exhibition featured seven quilts by Loretta Pettway, Arlonzia Pettway's first cousin."	0
"The nobility, honor, and chivalry of the warrior-knights of medieval Europe disappeared with modern warfare's machine guns, tanks, and nuclear bombs."	0
"The shrinkage debate suddenly gained prominence last month with a blunt comment by the acting mayor."	0
"The drone strike that resulted in the death of Pakistan's most wanted terrorist is believed to be a result of deliberately planted false intelligence, sources in South Waziristan have confirmed."	1
"Nido Petroleum hires rig for drilling."	0
"It is the final album completed by the singer and released in her lifetime."	0
"The idea of Roman expansion into North Africa started with the fear and jealousy caused by the great economic power of Carthage."	1
"The money was locked in a safe on the premises, but it was on a timelock and would not have opened until 9am."	0
"Students of Mozambique planted the first crops."	0
"I realized then that the jam of trucks at the gate probably belonged to his young charges."	0
"Tides are caused by the gravitational pull of the moon and sun, and the rotation of the Earth."	1
"The dramatic streaks we see in the sky are caused by particles that incinerate before they hit the ground."	1
"Changes to the regulations have been discussed in cabinet sub-committee."	0
"Animations are exported to the new Adobe version."	0
"He removed the recurring acid reflux in the mouth."	0
"The dust from the extinguishers set off the alarm."	1
"The small photoreceptors of the retina (the inner surface at the back of the eye) sense light and transmit impulses to the optic nerve."	0
"The drug has a low half-life that makes it ideal for killing of the susceptible bacteria responsible for sleeping sickness."	1
"Three types of gesture features have been introduced in previous sections."	0
"She indicated to the deputy sheriff that a gun was in a box in her bedroom."	0
"The pain from an ulcer is usually more severe than pain from indigestion, often gnawing in nature, it sometimes goes through to the back."	1
"Technically an adjective, the word is derived from a noun meaning "force," "power," or "cause.""	0
"Well my husband was still in the shower and the remote was in the desk in the back room."	0
"The cells migrated into the inflammatory tissues."	0
"This is a typical barnyard scene, showing the farmer feeding a drove of hogs."	0
"Borrowers fall into financial troubles, but lenders have several ways to help."	0
"The kids get great joy from eating the tomatoes right off the vine."	1
"Three men spent the afternoon inside a record store listening to an obscure band."	0
"The farmer ploughed the fields with this 2-piece farm tractor."	0
"Stroke is one of the leading causes of death, long-term disability, and hospital admission in the industrialized world."	1
"In praise of these beautiful classics we organized 'mekko exhibition' out of DIY fashion shoots and nostalgic photos from family albums."	0
"The newsletter is published once a fortnight to keep families informed on school happenings."	0
"The management of the firm needs information on condition in the market and price elasticity of demand."	0
"The propaganda machine tells us about these tin-pot dictators, which are the greatest threat to the world."	0
"The plant grows from an underground storage unit called a corm."	0
"The opium poppy, Papaver somniferum, is the source of the narcotic analgesics codeine and morphine, which accumulate in specialized internal secretory cells."	0
"In March 1995 the defendant swore an affidavit in which he referred to sales of parts of the farm land and an offer for the Wareham property."	0
"I still shiver as I remember trying to page through economics texts by the flicker from candles while clad in overcoat, scarf, and little knitted gloves with the fingertips cut off, in the 4 p.m."	1
"The worst pain of all was caused by the torment to her head which was like the pain of thorns pressing into her."	1
"The director of the company in its inaugural year was George Ogilvie."	0
"Overall, discomfort from braces is typically short in duration and easily managed."	1
"The playwright creates tension using many stage directions."	0
"The community was eluded from positions of power as a result of a deal made by the Sunni Arab minority and the British "imperialists" who had carved Iraq out of the moribund Ottoman Empire in the wake of World War I."	0
"Everything from flour to coffee beans to spices were neatly labelled in cannisters and, through a viewing window, a young girl poured flour into hessian sacks."	0
"The lead locomotive of the train had a video camera that recorded the view in front of the train."	0
"His body was in a suitcase which had been dumped in a duck pond."	0
"Paul Bunyan's parents took the boy and put him in a cradle out in the ocean."	0
"A major product of the factory was decorative quarry glass which was mass-produced by moulding and printing, rather than hand-cutting and painting."	0
"After sound waves enter the outer ear, they travel through the ear canal and make their way to the middle ear."	0
"He is a Russian artist whose work has been shown in various galleries across the world."	0
"A property developer has banned homeowners from keeping cats or dogs to protect birdlife on nearby heathland."	0
"The distraction caused by the students, coupled with limited vision down the track, caused the incident to occur."	1
"Immediately a soft glow appeared on her lovely face as the light was radiating from her soft winged friend."	1
"Four of the entrapments resulted in suffocation: a 7-month-old in Gouverneur, N.Y.; a 7-month-old in New Iberia, La.; a 6-month-old in Summersville, W.Va.; and a 9-month-old in Bronx, N.Y."	1
"About nine or ten years ago such a glut of parrs visited that part, that for several weeks it was imposible to dip a pail into the sea without taking some."	0
"Beatles' peripatetic lifestyle, had quickly become a logistical necessity and a large part of the budget was reputedly spent avoiding the crush of fans."	0
"Six members of one of Mexico's most active drug gangs, including someone accused of being the organization's bookkeeper, were arrested this week."	0
"The produced signal sensitively departs from an ideal sine as the input angle approaches the extremes of the range."	0
"Pork Farms is to close its Bowyers pork pie factory in Trowbridge by April 2008 with the loss of 400 jobs."	0
"Storms and earthquakes lead to the second-highest losses in insurance history."	1
"An app from local newspaper the Manchester Evening News has topped the UK Palm Pre app store sales chart in its first week of release."	0
"However, there are many universal humanitarian laws applying to war."	0
"Rather than call a mobile mechanic, the drivers fixed the hole with a toothpick."	0
"The base in which it sits hides the damage which occurred when the cross was removed from its initial site on the Long Tan battlefield."	0
"A hinge assembly attaches a cover pivotally to a base of an electronic device and has a pivoting leaf and a stationary leaf."	0
"Toward the end of the novel, Chike's father, a former slave whose wealth was based, in part, on a large plantation of cocoa beans and coconuts, wakes up one morning to find that all his plants have been cut down."	0
"I then widened the opening for the seat in the cockpit tub a tiny bit."	0
"The viewing line starts in the magic trick aisle."	0
"We learned so much about lighting and rendering from these works of art."	0
"He has added the medicine into the food for his cat."	0
"Discussion took place on the function of this Committee."	0
"One bottle of red wine in a carton box costs 6 euro per order unit."	0
"Dietary sources of omega-3 fatty acids include fish oil and certain plant/nut oils."	0
"Cobalt metal fume and dust cause irritation of the nose and throat."	1
"Now a faint and lonely flame uprises from the pyre."	0
"The Stephen Colbert treadmill has been installed in the international space station."	0
"The purported author of the Nancy Drew mystery series, "Carolyn Keene", is actually a pseudonym for a series of ghostwriters who write books in the same style using a template of basic information about the book's characters and their fictional universe."	0
"A single good starting geometry was generated from an input SMILES string."	0
"The pistil, made up of one or more carpels, encloses an ovary that contains the ovules, or potential seeds."	0
"I can't help myself crying, especially when the girl went away from the boy in sadness during the boy was in hospital."	0
"It is a formal legal document that sets out the facts and legal reasons."	0
"The document established levels of voltage distortion acceptable to the distribution system."	0
"There is great concern among voters over the economy."	0
"Finally, the escape artist was put inside a locked milk can filled with water at the Old Town Square in Fort Collins."	0
"The first time, the guy hid the taximeter with a map and tried to get 35 euros instead of 12."	0
"Two seniors in this house have arrived into senior leadership positions."	0
"Surely the answer grows partly from the 20th century's long strange trend toward treating children as a separate species."	0
"Your writer had a volery of birds in a large aviary in the back yard."	0
"The two central areas of controversy have to do with composition and titles."	0
"When our American doe gave birth to her first kindle of rabbits we were very excited."	0
"The investigation had to do with allegations of corruption against some Democratic officials."	0
"Blood splattered his boots from the nose of the man."	0
"For 15 years, NASA's shuttles have journeyed into space."	0
"Jewelry and other smaller valuables were locked in a safe or a closet with a deadbolt."	0
"Cadre of various ethnic groups defied the banda in Dharan of Sunsari district."	0
"The cast is appealing because they connect with the audience of young kids and their parents."	0
"Also in the programme we consider the subject of happiness."	0
"The internal memo gives details of Morgan Stanley's new management lineup."	0
"A new Mechanobiology Research Centre of Excellence (RCE) aims to break new ground in the study of diseases through the mechanisms of cell and tissue."	0
"194 Bulgarian children participated in the international school competition."	0
"The Venezuelan Declaration of Independence is a statement adopted by a congress of Venezuelan provinces on July 5, 1811, through which Venezuelans took the decisions of breaking away from the Spanish Crown, establish a new nation based on the premises of the equality of individuals, the abolition of censorship and a dedication to the freedom of expression."	0
"Another popular military blade was the hyup-do, a heavy, long sword with a curved blade."	0
"This range has also been illustrated in the appended diagram."	0
"The minimum number of gauges on a passenger car dashboard are the speedometer and the fuel gauge."	0
"Eventually Britannica put together a CD product with only the text from the encyclopedia on it."	0
"The U.S. Transportation Security Administration (TSA) has lost a hard drive containing information about 100,000 former and current employees."	0
"The Swedish Society for Eighteenth Century Studies is an interdisciplinary forum for researchers specialized in eighteenth century."	0
"To give the audience the most exciting show possible, this brotherhood of bruisers decides which headlocks to throw in, determines when to do so and discusses the use of various props such as plate-glass windows and staple guns."	0
"Amateur video has been posted online that shows some of the devastation caused by the tsunami waves."	1
"Noise regulations have come into force."	0
"Following an international contest for the city's design, a design by the Chicago architects Walter Burley Griffin and Marion Mahony Griffin was selected."	0
"Most oil polluting the oceans comes from runoff, rivers, small boats, not tanker spills."	0
"In this same paper, a footnote mentioned an op-amp design by a student that turned out to be quite significant."	0
"Cancer is the abnormal growth of cells that causes illness in the body."	1
"Robert Redford's historical drama about the aftermath of the assassination of Abraham Lincoln looks set to get under way."	0
"The size of the hole meant that when the server was put inside the cabinet it was dead easy to put the power and network wires through the hole."	0
"Jeans have topstitching that is almost impossible to match."	0
"In the early years of the Monarchy there was only one legion of 3000 infantrymen (front soldiers) and 300 cavalry."	0
"American Firehouse Brewing Supply, located in Arlington/Pantego, Texas, is a company established by a fireman who has a love of home brewing quality beer."	0
"The two trains caught fire after the collision and were burned."	1
"Seniors get much joy from animals."	1
"The paper includes both an essay surveying the literature and a descriptor-indexed bibliography of over 200 papers and books."	0
"The mainmast of the bark caught her on top of the pilot house, and Capt. Curler escaped by crawling out of the dow."	0
"He assigned an interview with a presidential candidate to the next show."	0
"Over the past decade, robotics has driven forward the concept of minimally invasive surgery, building on the skills developed in keyhole surgery and moving away from open-body operations."	0
"I get tons of satisfaction and joy from watching the little fur ball become the hunter it was bred to be."	1
"This dryer has a wall on one side, wall on the back, oil heater on the side and a water heater in front."	0
"An African immigrant arrives on board a rescue boat at the port of Los Cristianos on Spain's Canary island of Tenerife October 17, 2008."	0
"This page explains commonly used terms in chess in alphabetical order."	0
"I owed some back taxes from pervious years."	0
"A bottle full of water or fluids overloaded and stressed rods 218 when the bottle was grabbed by the neck with claw 224."	0
"This list has been prepared on the basis of records and information available to the secretariat."	0
"As the young girl journeyed into unbelievable danger, she did not have the faintest clue that she alone was destined to win, or to lose, this more-than-mortal battle."	0
"When the flange is close to 90 degrees, lower the bending leaf and unclamp the sheet metal by raising the clamping leaf handles of the hand brake."	0
"After the drug leaves the brain, the user may experience a "coke crash" that causes the user to feel depressed and irritable"	0
"The new phone has been moved into prototype stage."	0
"My completed torrent files are going into this folder."	0
"The modern gas centrifuge was born in a Soviet camp for captured German and Austrian scientists after World War II."	0
"The pollution was caused by the shipwreck."	1
"He run the shear form over the nose to continue shaping the nose of the surfboard."	0
"Inhalation of excessive concentrations of vapor, fumes, and/or dust produces irritation of the upper respiratory trad."	1
"There were women in headscarves on the corridors of the hospital and men wearing traditional caps."	0
"At the seminar, we gave an account of the current education system and teacher education environment in Hong Kong."	0
"The film departed from typical documentary fare by emphasizing the commentaries of Thompson's friends and peers."	0
"Mosul's al-Qaeda leader dies from carpal tunnel syndrome and a hailstorm of bullets - but mostly a hailstorm of bullets..."	0
"For 31 years, the symposium has assembled international physicians and researchers from academic institutions and private organisations."	0
"A new regulation governing the access to documents in the custody of National Archives came into effect on the 26th of February 2003."	0
"We have put the ingredients into a big mixing ball long before we started baking the plain naan."	0
"Their water has become discolored, foul-smelling, or even flammable because methane from disturbed gas deposits has migrated into water wells."	0
"The normal prostate is composed of glands and stroma."	0
"Air pollution causes smog and respiratory problems when breathed."	1
"He encourages students to read beyond the mandatory texts in order to prepare for his exam."	0
"This series is about a guy named Walter who shows what it's like to replace famous heroes from literature, movies, television, etc. with himself."	0
"A woman is due to face court on drugs charges after police found a suitcase full of cannabis in her car near Finley."	0
"Here a batter has mistakenly used his balls to hit the bat into the crowd, scoring a Home Run and extra casualties."	0
"A polypropylene net, attached to the bottom of the fluidized bed section, acted as a flow distributor and a support for the static bed of oysters."	0
"The numismatic topics were placed into categories."	0
"The US Coast Guard is operating a rescue mission to save up to 500 people have been left stranded on a slab of ice that broke away from the shore."	0
"Until now, no paper has been presented on predicting the interior noise caused by a powertrain on the basis of hybrid TPA with a real vehicle."	1
"Under the ownership of Max Blanck and Isaac Harris, the factory produced women's blouses (known at the time as "shirtwaists")."	0
"Lymphoeytes are drained into efferent lymphatics."	0
"There were no vegetarian entrees on the menu, but the kitchen quickly prepared a beautiful meal of 8 different steamed vegetables."	0
"A bundle of sensitive files linked to a massive police drugs bust have been found dumped in a skip."	0
"The message body was comprised of the phrase "hey, check this out! "."	0
"Evidence of Ms. Bhutto's role in Bomer Finance emerged from a visit to London during which she bought a diamond necklace at a Knightsbridge."	0
"World AIDS Day, observed December 1 each year, is dedicated to raising awareness of the AIDS pandemic caused by the spread of HIV infection."	1
"He was a solo double bass player in a symphony orchestra; at that time that was almost impossible due to racist reasons."	0
"This paper thus presents a detailed review of previous work that evaluates the optimum operational decisions of an LSE."	0
"The journal takes an inter-disciplinary approach, examining the history, culture and theory of anarchism."	0
"Heating with wood is environmentally appropriate (conditionally) and economically."	0
"The evidence arose from the results of several GWS studies in which our team has participated."	0
"The data is stored in tables."	0
"Wind and water cause weathering and erosion to change the shape of the earth."	1
"The buyer is a syndicate of European investors making their first investment in New Zealand."	0
"A more spare, less robust use of classical motifs is evident in a ewer of 1784-85."	0
"The display showing signal and battery status also incorporates feedback from machinery being operated."	0
"The mentality is since oil and bacteria cause acne, I'll just remove the oil off my face and kill the bacteria."	1
"One chapter of the book relates attempts made by the US to establish a similar alliance with Yemen."	0
"Actually, he is a cartoon character devised by the two producers to serve their blistering cocktail of dancehall reggae, hip-hop and electro."	0
"There are people who have learnt about benchmarking from a range of sources, most notably practitioner-oriented literature, networking, and reflections on their own practice."	0
"After the fox, the hunter ran into a small cave."	0
"The highest quality barrels are those hand-made by professional coopers."	0
"The common buzzard uses its claws to grasp prey and its beak to tear."	0
"This car still has the original shocks, brakes, clutch, battery, and starts and goes every day even in Minnesota's bitter cold."	0
"The strings of a guitar are normally tuned to fourths (excepting the G and B strings in standard tuning), as are the strings of the bass guitar and double bass."	0
"I came here with a fistful of expectations only to have them scattered by the brutal wind of Chinggis."	0
"Stroker Serpentine alerted me to a very messy situation this evening involving a huge cache of stolen goods."	0
"A Psi-Comp implant hardwire has been put into the human brain."	0
"The foreign machineguns, greasegun, and machine gun pistol were in a box about 3 ft long and 2 ft wide, olive drab in color, with white lettering on the box."	0
"The fairy tale describes a giant with a pair of magic boots that allow the wearer to cover seven leagues in one stride."	0
"Already by the middle of the eighteenth century, several small clockmaking shops produced cuckoo clocks with wooden gears."	0
"This table serves as an example of the data and observations routinely collected in the Horner rootstock trial."	0
"The order, issued Nov. 16 by Eric Landoll, the city's code administrator, states that the roof of the building is allowing rain to fall into the interior of the building and because of this the interior floors are structurally unsound and there is mold and mildew throughout the building causing health concerns for anyone entering the building."	0
"General contract law issues are examined, as is the law covering the registration of hotel guests."	0
"Well I still have a sore spot on my cheek bone and left joint."	0
"A solid round bar, 32" long, is constructed from ductile steel (Syt=60 ksi, G=11.5 x 106 psi)."	0
"In the days before the Democratic Reform, the manor had included twenty-two smallholdings, six lots of grassland and farmland covering some 8600 Mu (1414.45 acres)."	0
"The author index was generated using the LaTeX authorindex package."	0
"In the last couple of years I have been working with my fear from darkness."	1
"Patriarch Cerularius eventually wrote a tract against the western liturgical practices."	0
"There was weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth in the camp of the outsiders now."	0
"He noticed a speck of blood on the man's thumb and what he thought were several corresponding drops on the driver's door of the truck."	0
"A data warehouse is a place where data is stored for archival purposes."	0
"The ghost-ship fleet anchored idle off Singabore is an interesting proxy for the collapse in world trade."	0
"The city of Chicago lost 725000 residents between 1950 and 2000, yet 82 percent of the suburban growth was from outside the metropolitan area."	0
"The name Sedna is from an Inuit goddess of the ocean."	0
"The electronic equipment was in a cabinet on the surface and connected to a 3.65-long, 7.9-cm-diameter thermosyphon with one end buried in the ground."	0
"A large tsunami triggered by the earthquake spread outward from off the Sumatran coast."	1
"Gatrell illuminates the debate over public execution that raged in polite society."	0
"But even as she fumbled impatiently for the switch of the electric light, she knew that the voice had not come from the bed on the further side of the room."	0
"The tape recorder was in a cabinet outside the cab of the engine."	0
"TV total started as a comedy format mainly showing and commenting on funny and embarrassing sequences from other TV programs."	0
"The pizza was inside a trash bag and taped shut."	0
"The synthesist is thus carrying out a role which is analogous to that of a player in an orchestra."	0
"Construction worker carrying a wooden plank on his shoulder."	0
"The neuroscientists have implanted electrodes into patient's brain."	0
"Mail was delivered from the city once each week."	0
"The new pencil and graphite drawing is the painter's first self-portrait in 35 years and took six years to complete."	0
"Despite this defeat, Armstrong continued to work and plan toward the realization of his dream, the preservation of his beloved grove of redwoods."	0
"The brick is aligned with the hinge of the repaired book."	0
"Picture 192 shows a completed dowel with a small groove running along its entire length."	0
"Cooking and fermenting the grain produced a tasty nutritious drink which stored well."	0
"Lopez and Espinoza took plea agreements that resulted in diversion -- the completion of requirements such as community service and a fine during a probation period that ended with a clean slate and no conviction."	1
"Examples of problems which have been addressed by atmospheric chemistry include acid rain, photochemical smog and global warming."	0
"He'd brought a suitcase full of books with him and set it out on the sidewalk in front of the library, out of the way of pedestrians, but in plain view of potential customers"	0
"Cutler ended up with a bleeding stomach ulcer caused by the stress and hard work supervising their tours twenty-four hours a day."	1
"The mother left her native land about the same time and they were married in that city."	0
"Critical audience studies are migrating into intellectual inquiry focused on participation developing the stress on processes of interactive engagement."	0
"You have been asked to make notes about a telephone call left by a colleague in the German office of the bank."	0
"The baboons have formed themselves into raiding parties and frequently descend on the village."	0
"Down one wall was a series of blueprints, to which the clutch of mechanics around each car constantly referred."	0
"But, after a few weeks of lying low, Mr Moi returned to the limelight like a cowboy on horseback, shooting criticisms to the Narc administration over its handling of a number of projects, including the Free Primary Education programme, which is now under threat from a committee of thieving vultures."	0
"They took all the money that was in the chest in an upper room; it consisted of hard money and was contained in bags."	0
"The northeast was the source of contention between these various rivaling groups."	0
"In antiquity, people knew that bees produce delicious honey, that they sting, and that they increase their numbers by swarming."	0
"The estranged couple transferred funds into these accounts from their own personal accounts."	0
"The closely guarded Raffles recipe was locked in a safe that still remains onsite today."	0
"Recessions are caused by an excess demand for money combined with rational downward price rigidity."	1
"Work was completed by contractors using a temporary entrance off Old Renwick Road."	0
"It was terrific having LaGravenese aboard, because he was the guy who thought up the whole story, and to ask his opinion was very valuable."	0
"Technicians quickly prepared the stage for the headliner."	0
"The front of the boom has a hinged "mounting" fitting which is placed into the opening in the mast for the boom and sail slugs."	0
"Questions on various aspects of the study were raised and discussed."	0
"A boy gets his tongue stuck in a canteen."	0
"Each day during the breeding season, the male digs a pit into his mound and sticks his head in."	0
"Patty the Milkmaid was going to market carrying her milk in a pail on her head."	0
"Some articles are written for the widest audience of general readers."	0
"To connect your MP3 player to your computer, you need a USB cord that hooks into a slot on the music player."	0
"In the present recession, which has been triggered by a collapse in land prices, land-value taxation would reverse the collapse - not by re-inflating a temporary speculative bubble, but by inducing investment in infrastructure that permanently enhances the utility of the land."	1
"The punks carefully chose objects to be used in a nihilistic approach to style."	0
"The other great character from Arabic literature Sinbad is from the Tales."	0
"The bourbon was removed from its original barrel and re-barreled December 12, 2001."	0
"The manifold was constructed so that the heads of the ferrets protrude into the stream of mixed air and smoke flowing through the manifold."	0
"Lesions in the internal capsule caused proportional leg weakness."	1
"At other times, the researcher approached the data with predetermined categories in mind."	0
"The money was hidden in his bag and in his underwear."	0
"Hiroshima has rejected the demands of some citizens and victims groups that the newly renovated museum include an exhibition on Japan's "aggressive role" in World War II, alongside the gruesome displays of the suffering and devastation caused by the bomb."	1
"The death caused the cancellation of the band's plans for overseas tours."	1
"The man graciously put off feeding his muster of peacocks (yes, he's got them, and yes, a group of peacocks is called a muster) to chat."	0
"A man threw a child into an outlet."	0
"I poured some powder into a canteen cup and found that the cocoa was mixed with sugar granules."	0
"The 23-year-old rapper has recently completed a song with the hip-hop superstar and announced it would appear on his debut LP Thank Me Later."	0
"Many problems have ensued from the new policy, most of them unforeseen and based on ethnic differences."	1
"Mary and John stand in similar poses to the left of the cross, while on the right Longinus steps from beneath the arm of the cross across the frame into the viewer's space."	0
"Be sure and always stack on an elevated stack pad so the moisture runs away from the stack."	0
"The bacteria is the cause of pneumonia, including common uses, side effects, interactions and risks."	1
"The show was pulled from its original Christmas/New Year slot because of the Tsunami, and to be honest it really should have stayed pulled."	0
"'Wellness' tracker lures seniors to a data driven lifestyle."	0
"And with a flourish of her wand she unleashed a plague of biting insects, the sand fly."	0
"The incoming water caused a stain on the wall that, through the lens of pareidolia, looked like a bearded man with a big afro hairdo."	1
"The north side of the street accommodated a gas station on the corner."	0
"The bleeding was caused by an injury, such as a fall or something hitting your face."	1
"The team is travelling into uncharted territory."	0
"On the mantel in our living room was a handmade book of photos done by a friend who is a professional photographer."	0
"We poured flour into a large mixing bowl, adding slightly more than the recipe calls for."	0
"He rolled up towel and dump specimens into the pint jar."	0
"This chapter shows how much Nova has accomplished earning the companionship of her teammates."	0
"The ongoing drought means that there is little water flowing into the lakes."	0
"When the blood glucose levels are lowered, the insulin release from the pancreas is turned down."	0
"In the past, insulin was extracted from the pancreases of cows or pigs, then used to treat diabetics."	0
"In this grotto the boy was also born, and exposed; the mother leaves the child behind in a woven basket."	0
"Merlin Lindeman (animal sciences) then pooled their expertise to show that the caterpillars caused the disease."	1
"Mouth blown by a glass-blower, each vase is slightly different."	0
"It is far more reminiscent of an exit hole caused by a real missile."	0
"McCain's proposals were outlined in a speech made at the prestigious Carnegie Mellon University."	0
"Ten short films, both single and double screen, reap audio-visual crops from the fertile soil of the filmmakers' florid imaginations."	0
"Crucell, a Dutch vaccine and biopharmaceuticals maker, said yesterday that it was in friendly but early-stage talks over a potential takeover."	0
"I have a cassette tape from 1969 that was in a box with many different copies of "Yesterday and Today", some with fake pictures of the Fabs holding meat."	0
"Even the thinnest crack in a humidor is an open invitation to cigar beetles."	0
"You have added complexity into the mix by not having the proxy server and media server together."	0
"The rural European 'stem family', or extended family, consisting of parents and one married child who would eventually inherit the family property."	0
"They made the effect even more dramatic by lighting the talent with a light placed on the floor and focused on the face."	1
"The thin F ring on the left of the image shows the perturbations caused by the moon Prometheus."	1
"ThinkCascade is a CSS editor that uses a spreadsheet like interface."	0
"Last time we got ice cream that was in a cup and didn't fall over."	0
"Basic diagrams also work well on the computer screen if they are carefully designed to match the grid of pixels on the screen."	0
"Diatoms have an external skeleton of silica and silicon may therefore be a limiting element to diatom population growth."	0
"The medal was contained in a velvet lined square box with gold lettering on the lid."	0
"A recent book by Carmen M. Reinhart and Kenneth S. Rogoff, two economists, found that over the last century the typical crisis had caused the jobless rate in the country where it occurred to rise for almost five years."	1
"Once the data is collected, an emissions inventory is completed by staff using calculation tools from the GHG Protocol."	0
"Chinese construction workers build the port at Hambantota that analysts believe will become a base for its navy."	0
"The Ethiopian maid fell from the balcony yesterd."	0
"Novomer's cleaner burning binder goes into customer trials."	0
"The target of those activities is development of meta-information systems, which enables record metadata of geodata."	0
"Frozen concentrated orange juice futures have gained 17% this week on fears that crop damage could be substantial."	0
"He is the author of eight books which have charted the transformation of Europe over the last quarter-century."	0
"The story portrays a boy who encounters a young woman whom he must serve."	0
"The server identifies the exam using the identifier and retrieves the corresponding template."	0
"The workers poured concrete into the three new stepped piers."	0
"The commander has dragged soldiers into unnecessary battles."	0
"The bottom section of the mast has been mounted onto the ship."	0
"The human lies down in a sealed box and allows his mind to do nothing but operate the avatar."	0
"Eight British tourists are suing a South African safari park after they became trapped by a pride of wild lions when their tour vehicle overturned."	0
"As I write this to you, a bevy of female deer tick nymphs perch upon my shouders and act as my spell checkers."	0
"It also caused a conspiracy theory to sprout from the fertile imaginations of the world's paranoid independent investigative journalists."	0
"They are afloat in the mid-Atlantic, with a German wolfpack of submarines attacking whenever he blinks."	0
"By the way, that quote was from an email to researchers, not the official Google blog post."	0
"The users sent an array to the responder."	0
"When a person assists the employee with completing this form, the preparer must certify the form."	0
"Merchants often have a small statue of a cat with its paw raised in their store window."	0
"And one third of the bench of aldermen is exclusively composed of men, which explains the on average lower share of female aldermen than female local councillors."	0
"In a poetic series of alternately charming, dry and sometimes tragic aphorisms the biographer constructs a personality from minutiae."	0
"The seven chains have given away a total of 5.6 billion single-use bags in the past year."	0
"They left one weapon, a gun that was locked in a safe, and have since returned two others."	0
"The grip 1 is fitted over a rear part of a core 6 of the helve of the hammer."	0
"The nails of the right hand are easily cut with scissors made for cutting the nails of the left hand."	0
"Moreover, from the porch of the stoics he brings out matter, and places it on a par with the Divine Creator."	0
"Last night I bottled the all grain ale."	0
"The senior profiles are used by teachers in order to help them write a more informed letter of recommendation."	0
"We have recently determined the corruption was (ironically) triggered by the SMART utilities."	1
"The launcher receives the balls through a similar belt system leading up the neck of the robot from the ground."	0
"The essays collected in this book are based on the reports presented to the Symposium "the European Union as an Actor in International Relations", jointly organised by the two historical Universities of Macerata and Camerino, held on 5-7 April 2001."	0
"Sterile distilled water was put inside the fifth well to serve as negative control while gentamicin was used as positive control in the fourth well."	0
"The pig was in a crate on the back of the wagon, and cold as it was, Mr. Huy waded to the wagon and fed it that night and the next morning."	0
"The use of mathematical models and numerical techniques is a practice employed by a growing number of applied mathematicians working on applications in finance."	0
"Complementing the unique arsenal is a vibrant world that employs a cel-shaded animation reminiscent of a comic book."	0
"The 34th battalion was a part of the cavalry not surrendered by Gen. Robert."	0
"At the turn of each hour the pin of the wheel raises the hour wheel lever."	0
"The ombudsman's report concluded that "a large part of the package was not provided"."	0
"Each congregation has a body of appointed male elders and ministerial servants."	0
"As I travelled the world and had facials in every corner, I have finally found a therapist with such a perfect way of touching my face."	0
"Some voter advocates worry that the requirement, paired with the crush of applications, has risked leaving more would-be voters with only a provisional ballot on Election Day."	0
"Three days later, the new-born baby was brought into her home."	0
"Our whole evening was centered on the topic of courage."	0
"Non-native species are spreading into new areas increasingly rapidly through human activities as international trade, transportation and travel intensify."	0
"Twisters generally fill their creations with a gas other than helium, as these designs will not usually float anyway."	0
"The life-like creatures caused a real scare on the set when a 44-foot spinosaurus malfunctioned and began slamming its head against a prop plane."	1
"This documentary film reveals a shocking insight into the Jamaican economy and everyday life."	0
"This invention relates to a mooring fender apparatus, particular an apparatus to protect the gunnel and rub rail of a boat."	0
"Going much much farther back, ultimately the word descended from the Indo-European root."	0
"A fresh pork butt is cooked slowly in a crock pot instead of being cooked in the traditional pit."	0
"This paper is constructed from a portion of a thesis presented by Edward W. Shand, June, 1930, for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy at New York University."	0
"Professional photographers use digital cameras."	0
"Line 3 (blue) completed part: from Egaleo to Doukissis Plakendias, where it connects with the new Suburban train from the airport."	0
"They (the aquarium) were brushing the shark's teeth."	0
"The girls drank the vodka out of plastic water bottles."	0
"Rowe Coven was a coven of male warlocks who got more powerful down the generations until there are three brothers, the most powerful ever seen."	0
"During experiments in captivity, capuchins have made flint knives after banging a piece of flint against the floor until it broke."	0
"The ban caused a widespread debate, largely on the Internet, in which rabbis and scholars from around the world participated."	1
"And destiny lies for us in many places, way up in the High Lonesome with a cowardice of curs or our passions for the loves we know."	0
"The coffees were all tasty, even though my latte was in a glass after we had discussed the size of the cup, I always find them hard to drink."	0
"The focus of the chapter is the impact of diversification on the performance of PE funds."	0
"From the ancient times, music documented the lives of the people and was widely patronized by the rulers."	0
"Saudi Arabia has exported wheat to 30 countries including China."	0
"The box contained a complete British manual telegraph tape-making and high speed sending system."	0
"The Commission has published an annual report giving a summary of committee activities during the previous year."	0
"The guests arrived to the wedding on time."	0
"Urgent needs are approaching the society, which requires dynamic changes."	0
"He preserved the working ranches of the west, while achieving an expansion of the ranch's value through development and management of the recreational ecosystem within the ranch."	1
"The sand in the hourglass solves several problems of the clepsydra: it does not freeze in cold temperatures, it does not evaporate in warm weather, and it can be sealed so nothing can get in that will affect the flow of the sand in the glass."	0
"The name Mirumo was derived from a cartoon series."	0
"Ceres is the largest known asteroid at approximately 950 km (590 miles) in diameter, and it lies in the belt of asteroids between Mars and Jupiter."	0
"A really enjoyable drinking experience ensued from this red blend from this boutique winery from the Cowra area of Central Western NSW."	1
"The chabazite was contained in a multiple U-tube and was first thoroughly outgassed at 550' in a good vacuum."	0
"The spill was caused by the Iraqi fuel tanker Zainab, suspected of smuggling around 1,300 tonnes of fuel oil from Iraq, as it ran into trouble on its way to a holding area in international waters."	1
"Use outdoor where sunlight and glare cause eye strain and fatigue."	1
"Police investigators later found brake discs on the car were broken, though experts from the Italian car manufacturers insist the damage was caused by the collision and the car had been in perfect condition."	1
"Such interventions placed the general in a role that many within the profession considered inappropriate."	0
"Typically, statutes declare policy."	0
"I removed the chemical disposes into the designated area only."	0
"As a result, the brain is depleted of dopamine, which causes the severe depression after the cocaine has dissipated."	0
"The kingdom comprises four topographical and climatic areas, which vary from 400 to 1800 metres above sea level."	0
"First we measured from the railing of the bridge to the surface of the stream."	0
"A referee, or on-ice official, is responsible for enforcing the rules during a game."	0
"The squatters have moved into the building."	0
"As of 2010 the farm has two large greenhouses and one field tunnel and cultivates about 6 acres of vegetables."	0
"Although the clauses were invented by the framers to serve common values, there is some tension between the two."	0
"The researchers placed the compound in a tube, which then was put inside a magnet."	0
"The opening issues, mostly written and guest-edited by the coterie of contributing editors, seem infused with the same spirit."	0
"Utilizing concrete plank floor/ceiling construction benefits the builder."	0
"The muscles at the back of the leg, by connection with the achilles tendon raise the heel."	0
"A project to regulate the standard of private rental properties in Dumfries and Galloway looks set to close."	0
"These wind turbines generate electricity from naturally occurring wind."	1
"In the 2006 Robin Hood series, Robin at one point is lowered into a pit of poisonous snakes."	0
"A Suffolk ram was removed from the flock and test mated to unrelated Suffolk ewes in another flock; 14 of the resulting 43 lambs born in 1984 had an identical congenital renal disease."	0
"The X-Men battle Sentinels in this new clip from the animated series."	0
"Aware of the suffering caused by exploitation, social injustice, stealing, and oppression, I am committed to cultivate loving kindness and learn ways to work for the well-being of people, animals, plants, and minerals."	1
"He then maps the development of Anglo-American formalism from Modernist literature to the American and British academies."	0
"Her decomposed body was found in a drum in a Lake Elsinore field."	0
"I have also had some aged maize spirits that they use for flavoring in their blends that tasted quite a bit like bourbon."	0
"My neighbour has erected a fence and it has been built on our land, not on the boundary."	0
"The magnetic mechanism is composed of a rotatably seated permanent magnet which can be swiveled or rotated into alignment with the actual throughput channel for the developer mix."	0
"Witness the gangs in Los Angeles who stopped killing one another for a time after the riots triggered by the Rodney King bashing verdict."	1
"The addition of disintegrants could further accelerate the drug release from the tablet."	0
"The results have been documented in two films."	0
"Three friends are forced to question what keeps them together after a quarrel over the purchase of a work of art."	0
"From banishing cold and flu germs to preventing foodborne illnesses, frequent hand-washing is one of the smartest preventive habits you can adopt."	1
"Many neologisms have come from popular literature and tend to appear in different forms."	0
"The two-year-old's body was in a suitcase found floating in a pond by local children."	0
"This program was developed based on research, best practices, several parenting programs, and the personal experiences of the author, who is a minister."	0
"Our horses soon get used to it, the only things they really don't seem to like are the helicopters with rotors front and back."	0
"Responses were obtained from 310 presidents provosts and 1293 deans."	0
"A publicly shared Web 2.0 story, created by students for a class, afterward becomes something that other students can explore."	0
"The outer bark composed of dead phloem alternating with bands of cork is called, technically, rhytidome."	0
"Insects that harm trees are often prey for a descent of woodpeckers, which, in turn benefits the birds that nest in the saved tree."	0
"The setup was put inside a chimney in order to enhance the natural convection cooling."	0
"Strawberry jam is made to be shared and people love it when you do."	0
"The bulletin informed key persons and opinion leaders about the project, its background, objectives, activities, and results."	0
"The book introduces modern geographical theory in an accessible format and reflects the changing nature of the subject."	0
"The Leftist student platform at LAU is newly born independent leftist league of various leftist movements and independents at the Lebanese American University."	0
"The bottles have leaked poison into the milk."	0
"Many times, the problem of keeping track of depreciation rates in you fixed assets is attempted by managers using spreadsheets which they program themselves."	0
"A Western journalist took an assignment from his newspaper's office for visiting Pakistan and filing exclusive reports on the current nuclear issue."	0
"An office is then modeled as a society of various interacting agents using their knowledge to complete the office goals cooperatively."	0
"The valley is France's largest producer of sparkling wines outside of the Champagne region."	0
"Preliminary talks between the association and Nigel Worthington regarding a new contract took place last week and these talks are still ongoing."	0
"Although some of the stories were based on historical truths, most were a weaving of Greek, Roman and Celtic myths."	0
"However several problems were pointed out during the course of this feasibility study."	0
"The salary of a sergeant in the army for an experience of 2 years or less is $19504.80, after 10 years it is $26841.60."	0
"The weather report informed me about the high wind storm conditions that was already in place."	0
"One soldier was brutally frank in a message posted on a website last week."	0
"Human growth hormone is described by some as the key to slowing the aging process."	1
"The wind lifted the umbrella, tipped the table, smashed some of the umbrella ribs, and ripped about half the umbrella seams."	0
"In another two short sessions, the duo produced six or seven songs, two of which just didn't fit the mood of the album."	0
"In September 2001 President George W. Bush declared a "War on Terrorism" and vowed to destroy all terrorist organizations "with a global reach"."	0
"At my work, an electronic engineer has migrated into embedded software."	0
"A brief discussion of the rice market is presented in the appendix."	0
"Roni Music is a software company with an emphasis on powerful music software."	0
"First you feel the fire of vodka, but sweetish and then the blackberry syrup neutrolizes all the alcohol, the last touch is the coffee taste of Kahlua."	0
"Martin Smith is a film maker who wrote and directed the 2006 Scottish BAFTA Award winning short Tracks."	0
"I kept it in a pocket in my trousers and, day after day, used it more frequently, and with more pleasure."	0
"In 616, the first Buddhist stone scripture tablet was made at the temple by a monk named Jingwan."	0
"The president of the corporation, by virtue of his office, presides as chairman of the meeting."	0
"The covered Clamp style handles hold mop firmly between the jaws of the mop handle."	0
"The founder of a growing advertising agency is happy to see his business flourish, but is left wondering what his role is now that others have taken over."	0
"I bought him his meds and cut his foot nails first before we headed to the hospital."	0
"The lure is a treat that is held in the owners hand, and the ferret lifts its paw to try to get to the treat."	0
"At this moment, a certain amount of chlorine gas was placed inside a cylinder with a movable piston at one end."	0
"While playing the labyrinth game through the television, I thought of a few ideas that I wanted to test out."	0
"The plug of the valve shown in Figure 3-50 is fitted for this purpose with a packing sleeve, which is tightened against the seat by a follower nut."	0
"My baby sister was lying asleep in a cradle next to my mom's bed."	0
"So they mate with boars every year and give birth to a litter, no, a farrow of piglets."	0
"In the footwear department of the store, socks and other accessories needed to be displayed in an area close to the shoes, boots and sandals, yet also be unobtrusive."	0
"Several major manufacturers of chain saws claim to have invented the first chain saw and all their claims point to the 1920s."	0
"The election was caused by the appointment of Donald Sumner, formerly Conservative MP for Orpington, to be a county court judge."	1
"The polonium was contained in a tantalum capsule which was closed by beliarc welding remotely controlled manipulators."	0
"Finally, the holiday items arrived to the local store."	0
"This was our first day back volunteering there but he wasn't feeling good, had a fever from immunizations."	1
"The first French aircraft designer to try this simply installed a deflector plate on the propellor blade."	0
"Eight busloads ran into contention."	0
"I was very lucky to have my friend from ballet knit a baby blanket for my daughter and my friend's mother from Austria knit a baby sweater."	0
"In 1874 Captain John T. Lytle and several cowboys left South Texas with 3500 head of longhorn cattle and a remuda of saddle horses."	0
"The western region of Mauritania is the scene of a serious plague of desert locusts."	0
"The exhibitors have entered the exhibits into the fall fair."	0
"He sees taxation as a central instrument for the government (over and above revenue raising) especially for re-distribution of wealth."	0
"It has been asserted in the literature that the recognition of speech takes place not because of phonemic distinctions only."	0
"I found that the wind swirling around from the back, in between the front seats, caused a draft on the driver and passenger's necks."	1
"I also enjoyed the fact that the honey was in a bottle rather than those little packages that are almost impossible to open and make a huge mess once you manage to do so."	0
"Vehicles are equipped with front and rear bumpers designed to withstand the impact of the collision."	0
"The Japanese team conducted their preliminary research on mice, with a cancer gene among the regulators, and created in the process a mischief of clone mice."	0
"The acidity is caused by the gradual buildup of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere, dissolving into the oceans."	1
"The European colonial expansion to the Americas resulted in massive population movements from the Old World to the New World."	1
"Workers take wax from wax producing workers and build the comb with it."	0
"The author identifies the Piper with the devil."	0
"A faction of Sikh leaders took over a gurdwara in this Haryana town, which was controlled by Amritsar-based Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC)."	0
"The law-maker narrowly escaped by fleeing from his house on a horse."	0
"When the loading time was completed, the sliding bar of the injector was displaced manually to the other resting position (dashed area)."	0
"Cambodian troops arrived to areas in Chad, Central African Republic where US forces had settled already."	0
"Highways are falling into disrepair."	0
"Witness Ryan Jones tried to stop the fleeing Diaz, Jones became caught on the door of the truck and was dragged for a distance."	0
"The tea was in a mug my husband, Larry, had ordered from some company online."	0
"While making observations the microfossil through the binocular microscope or on a computer monitor, the investigator needed to manually move the specimen."	0
"A while ago I was walking along the Nibenay Basin when I stumbled upon a harras of wild horses."	0
"On the way in we saw a big raft of Eider ducks and there were some tiny babies with them."	0
"Another 40 million people have been pushed into hunger this year."	0
"He grabbed and put all dirty clothing in a hamper."	0
"Each recipe features an anecdote by a band that performed via the Hope Collective, a popular punk booking collective in Dublin."	0
"The writer has a 'bottle of ink, a pen and a blotter'."	0
"The city has constructed some tourism facilities and a new police station in the showcase area, but no new houses are to be built here."	0
"The straight, blue ion tail is caused by the solar wind and the curved dust tail is caused by solar radiation pressure."	1
"The ocean exploration is now moving into deeper waters."	0
"Infectious diseases or communicable diseases are caused by bacteria, viruses, and parasites."	1
"Proposals to simplify the university admissions process have been outlined at a conference of secondary school head teachers."	0
"During the reign of King Richard II, this was replaced by a hammerbeam roof by the royal carpenter Hugh Herland, "the greatest creation of medieval timber architecture"."	0
"To prepare for his exam, the student visited the ISA website."	0
"The Football Club has rescheduled the trials to the next day due to recent wet weather."	0
"The second lesson points to the predominant role of quality over quantity."	0
"Many times, journalists become the topic for discussion among political party supporters at press conferences."	0
"Women improve lives of their families with the help of a few sheep."	0
"The definition of the vCard Specification made use of a number of existing standards."	0
"All your posts are imported into the standard Wordpress installation."	0
"Without wasting time, a medical team of the army rushed to the house of the militant and provided emergent medical treatment to her."	0
"The report provides a full account of the societal impacts of car production."	0
"The Siege started rather slow, with a regiment of lightly armored swordsmen ramming down the gate."	0
"On this basis, the vibronically coupled CD bands of lutein diacetate are attributed to an excitonic interaction arose from the twisted nematic layers."	1
"PSA is a chemical produced exclusively by the prostate gland to liquefy semen."	0
"The pension crisis has been caused by the escalating cost of funding "copper bottomed" final salary pension schemes still provided, unlike most companies, by councils and other public sector employers such as Transport for London."	1
"The editors have inserted narration into the description."	0
"A blood clot is a normal reaction of the body that occurs if a blood vessel is injured."	0
"A third of the injuries are caused by illegally obtained fireworks, and burns account for half the injuries."	1
"The icon is generally a flat panel painting depicting a holy being or object."	0
"The weather is still the main talking point on the front pages."	0
"Their relationship is thrown into chaos."	0
"I wanted to breastfeed him when he was hungry and I noticed that he wasn't approving of my breast, so I gave him a bottle with formula in it."	0
"The mess was rapidly cleaned by one of the waiters with a mop and disinfectant and the meal continued."	0
"The skies were also filled with a desert of lapwings and a congregation of golden plover, mixed together in a cloud of birds which filled the sky as they escaped a passing (but unseen by me) predator."	0
"One of the few clear and non-controversial norms governing issues of state succession are the customary rules enshrined in article 11."	0
"The bomb was hidden in a Toshiba radio-cassette player which in turn, was inside a brown Samsonite suitcase."	0
"Only I had a key to that door, the door was unlocked earlier, the key was locked in a safe and only I had access to the key."	0
"Peter Gast "corrected" Nietzsche's writings even after the philosopher's breakdown and so without his approval."	0
"The flapper of the first stage hydraulic amplifier is rigidly attached to the midpoint of the armature flapper."	0
"There are three techniques for properly decanting wine in a carafe."	0
"In addition to the threat from cable television, analog terrestrial television is now also subject to competition from satellite television and distribution of video and film content over the Internet."	1
"Access to the citations contained in the book is rather difficult."	0
"The spider was contained in a glass box, but it was big enough and close enough to have the desired effect."	0
"The safest place in Korea was right behind a platoon of marines."	0
"The innovative techniques consist of plantation of appropriate horticultural crops, fodder trees and medicinal plants along with micro-irrigation facilities."	0
"World's slimmest USB flash drive fits comfortably in a wallet."	0
"The Polish Competition Authority condemns a producer of paid TV programs for abusing of its dominant position in the licensing agreement with the cable TV operator."	0
"Alcohol and drugs directly cause suicide by significantly diminishing the reasoning of the person at the time of the suicide."	1
"A metal pipe connects the magnetron to the cooking chamber of the oven."	0
"I write as both a doctor/Medical Director of the ME Association and as someone who suffers from the illness, which was triggered by an attack of chickenpox."	1
"I know plenty of people with oily skin and wrinkles from the sun and they're in their 30s."	1
"Extending Ninject injects dependencies into action filters."	0
"The ship departs from the port of Naoussa, and is of the catamaran type."	0
"Windmills kill birds and bats, while soil disturbances required to build solar and wind arrays lead to soil erosion."	1
"The Boyd Group is a British based, independent think tank considering issues relating to animal testing."	0
"The Seattle women's group distributes a number of small scholarships for single mothers who want to go to college."	0
"As late as the 1950s, for example, only one Mexican served as a policeman in the entire Chicago police force."	0
"Science is part of our daily lives: all day, every day, everywhere we go."	0
"The instrument was sealed in a polyethylene bag for 40 hours at room temperature."	0
"The camera was in a suitcase and the screen has been damaged."	0
"The mosaicism observed in the proband was derived from a postzygotic somatic mutation of the normal maternal y chromosome."	1
"And the citation from Whelpton's books was listed first in the assortment of quotations specifically characterized as "comparatively modest"."	0
"Dues were paid before the ship departed from the harbour and the captain was provided with municipal and customs services."	0
"Considerations have been concerned with cases where the forces between particles can be handled in a satisfactory manner."	0
"Birds with eyes on the sides of their heads have a wide visual field, while birds with eyes on the front of their heads, such as owls, have binocular vision."	0
"Some metal-free catalytic systems have been investigated in the paper."	0
"Patterson and a half-dozen scientists from several institutions compiled the global map using images from NASA's historic Voyager and Galileo missions."	0
"The VP's wife was a member of a succession movement."	0
"A man drew up a hit list before shooting ten people dead."	0
"Developed in 1979, depressed center wheels revolutionized angle grinding."	0
"Five seconds later the disguise was in a bin and he was just your average joe in the fluero singlet and workboots walkin down the path."	0
"For straight cuts, a tile cutter is the best tool for a do-it-yourselfer."	0
"The athlete ran into a hurdle."	0
"I inserted an old tape into my brand new handycam."	0
"The organisms are spreading into uninhabited areas."	0
"We propose a rule driven approach for adaptive business collaboration development in which rules drive and govern the development process."	0
"Kosher indicates that the gelatin is derived from an animal that is mercifully slaughtered according to the laws of kashruth."	0
"The shop has since "fixed" the problem with a method of their own (with approval from FSA apparently) and i have the cranks on my bike ready to use."	0
"The drug was in a bottle that was not prescribed to her."	0
"A bottle full of milk that has been left sitting out in a warm room quickly breeds more bacteria than a newborn can handle."	0
"I lost a suitcase with money in it last week."	0
"Students worked together to create their own wiki on a given topic."	0
"Rogge conceded that perhaps the committee had been naive in accepting the promises made by Chinese leaders."	0
"$600 billion dollars have been put into the US economy."	0
"This is a student organization founded by some master student at university of rajasthan India."	0
"The controversy has centered mainly on intelligence."	0
"This easy mushroom sauce is delicious with steak."	0
"Self-educated Malawi boy builds windmills out of junk."	0
"Seminars and conferences have been organised around the Asia-Pacific area in the most recent years by different organisations and institutions."	0
"The convention of splitting tax bills is based on the construction of the first paragraph of s 55 that is rejected by the High Court in Permanent Trustee."	0
"The deleveraging triggered by the crisis implies that countries that hoarded reserves have been reaping the benefits."	1
"The world's largest shipyard in Ulsan slips a newly-built, multi-million dollar vessel into the water every four working days."	0
"Headaches, dizziness, balance problems, and neck and back pain were caused by the work injury."	1
"The Historic District Commission members drafted a demolition delay ordinance that went before the Board of Selectmen last year."	0
"This blog tracks and comments on news relevant to the interplay of science & religion."	0
"The substance is exported to the cytoplasm."	0
"Approximately 20 dl of water was put in a fish tank."	0
"Fainting is a common cause of unconsciousness and may occur when the casualty's heart rate is too slow to maintain sufficient blood pressure for the brain."	1
"The best way to peel a chestnut has long been a topic of debate."	0
"This region boasts a treasure trove of concerts, museums, and other cultural offerings."	0
"The woman was taken from her native family and addopted in England on some relocation scheme in the 1960's."	0
"There was such a bevy of mourning doves in the tree across from the deck that they looked like Christmas ornaments."	0
"For a flaming pie descended from the sky, and Jesus Christ stepped out of it, and He sayeth unto me."	0
"Much like the virus that caused the 1918 flu pandemic, this new H1N1 flu virus affects young adults and school children in greater numbers."	1
"I look around to discover he's about two metres away, obscured from view by a clutch of Force India mechanics."	0
"A worker inserts the small spring in the device and then installs the buttons."	0
"The company has constructed a demonstration house at the BRE Innovation Park, at Watford, using the same combination of timber and Hemcrete."	0
"In a tense struggle, the other team prevailed in convincing fashion with a flurry of sacrifical brilliance."	0
"Heat burns, or thermal burns, are caused by steam, fire, hot objects or hot liquids."	1
"It is a dispute over a plot of land where hundreds of babies are believed to be buried."	0
"The country was a confederation of various tribal peoples of Caucasian descent (closely associated with the Georgians and the peoples of the modern Russian North Caucasus)."	0
"Nitrogen is falling into remote lakes."	0
"When the dog starts jumping like a nut, the idiot pulls the leash up with a jerk motion to get his attention and distract him."	0
"More than 40 years have passed since the spacecraft departed into the outer-space with a fuel cell on-board."	0
"The exaltation of the larks were heard in high-exalting by the mallards who were rather flushed from playing in the puddling."	0
"Each year, waterfowl enthusiasts and conservationists gather to learn about DU's priorities, socialize and enjoy the camaraderie of other DU supporters."	0
"Methadone gives a buzz too, but it's the most effective way to reel in heroin addicts into treatment and real life."	1
"They were not issued guns at the time, but the office did have one handgun that was locked in a safe; however, there was no ammunition."	0
"The flooding, caused by a cyclone, came on the heels of a prolonged drought, which destroyed 60 percent of Fiji's sugar cane crop last year and cost more than 50 million Fijian dollars (25 million US) in relief and rehabilitation."	1
"Governor Rutledge had commissioned him a brigadier, and with his famous brigade of ragged followers, he performed those deeds for the redemption of South Carolina which have made his name immortal."	0
"It's a long, polyphonic novel bookended by a virtuoso first-person discourse from Madero, a cocky, seventeen-year-old student poet."	0
"Make two holes in the jar lid, one hole in the middle of the lid and the other near the edge."	0
"Fog caused delays at the Charlotte Douglas International Airport Monday morning."	1
"Clearwire customers in a handful of locations were unable to get online for several hours due to a network outage late Tuesday."	0
"The administration has established a number of health posts and health centres to provide health care to Amerindians."	0
"Because the rotors of the turbines are relatively slow-moving, they pose little threat to fish and other small marine life."	0
"Researchers put bio-energetics into bio-magnification."	0
"In time we found that those pains and hurts from past memories were beginning to be mended and those past hurts became our scars, our badge of honor."	0
"The model developed from that event include academic visits and symposia, alumni and. VIP events, together with government and press relations."	0
"It is a common informal convention to reserve or declare full or partial ownership of a community resource."	0
"Below you find my ideas with regard to this issue."	0
"The man dug a three-foot-deep fire pit to roast a pig, but somehow fell into the fiery hole."	0
"We were forced to get off the bus and find accommodation for the night, while the police officers took the bus to the scene of the incident; apparently they were lacking their own transportation."	0
"A mother was seen to have built a small raft out of birch bark for her and her children, but it promptly sank among the ice floes."	0
"The astronauts rode to the station in a capsule."	0
"Now this laboratory also is part of a larger organisation."	0
"The president of this corporation was one of its stockholders."	0
"The Archers of the Eyes were an elite legion of Elven archers who served troughout various wars."	0
"The skeleton was discovered inside a Neolithic-age tomb unearthed in Yumuktepe Hoyuk of the southern Mersin province."	0
"A little later you're admiring a squadron of huge, white swans soaring over a nearly unspoiled natural area where it's hard to believe that a big city is only minutes away."	0
"As he came near, the lion put out his paw, which was all swollen and bleeding, and Androcles found that a huge thorn had got into it."	0
"The celebrity poured money into modern artwork."	0
"A request has been sent to the moderator."	0
"The second hypothesis asserting economic domination is rejected, and the third largely accepted."	0
"This volume synthesizes current understanding of the ecology of Alaska's boreal forests."	0
"The accompanying inflammatory process had caused the stricture of the mid-CBD."	1
"One of the most dreaded types of scars are contracture scars from burns."	1
"The parcels contained a few basic food items to supplement the prisoners' meagre rations."	0
"The bees made their entry through a small hole in the lid of the bin, and they created a wonderful honeycomb on the underside of the lid, hanging downward in the bin, in a beautiful arrangement."	0
"The official is one of the senior officials involved in drawing up the September dossier."	0
"The phrase originated in an e-mail of July 11, 2003, from Cooper to his Time bureau chief, referring to a conversation with Karl Rove."	0
"The gunman bought his weapons legally from a Champaign gun dealer."	0
"We placed the buns into the steamer, leaving 1-2 inches between each bun."	0
"A famous poet has entered his poems into three current contests."	0
"Dehydration is one of the lead causes of death in the world due to dirty water and felt this should be emphasized in global charity documentation."	1
"Mr Grisby, 30, a software developer" and victim of a previous burglary, had also activated a back-up system which transferred the captured images to his private website when the computer was stolen."	0
"The statue was carved by a Scots sculptor in 1826-27 and may be the only one based on a portrait of Burns by Burns's friend Peter Taylor, an amateur artist."	0
"An encapsulating composition is infused into the channel to encapsulate the tissue in a capsule."	0
"I first became acquainted with the book through an audio book I was given by a dear friend of mine a few years ago."	0
"A baby uses a box of baby wipes per week."	0
"The ship sailed from the port only once and was registered in Liverpool."	0
"A fling of oxbirds is known by the singular and beautiful appearance those birds present in the air; the grace, swiftness, and compactness of their flight."	0
"The method of writing, and the use of the fashionable amusement quizzes Wauwau arrives from the country of Prester John."	0
"These toxins cause sickness or an unpleasant odor."	1
"This particular reel was in a can where the writing on the label was completely obscured by a substance that looks like hamburger mustard."	0
"The staff of the hospital are committed to maintaining these services."	0
"Accident causes delays on BW Parkway."	1
"Student support by telephone has a long tradition in open and distance learning."	0
"A user activates the device with the power-on button."	0
"The presence of the charged object above the plate of the electroscope, induces electrons within the electroscope to move accordingly."	0
"An artist creates sculptures using up to 250000 colouring crayons."	0
"Children stand near houses in Padang that caught fire after the earthquake."	1
"The hostel comprises of a main building of 3 floors, it started its life as a nun's convent that's been renovated."	0
"The sword with leaf-shaped blade was used for both cut and thrust, but it is clear from the representational evidence that it was principally used in a downward cut."	0
"Individual donors make a significant difference in addressing the suffering caused by the economic crisis."	1
"Greasy or oily rags or materials subject to spontaneous ignition are deposited in a receptacle."	0
"The rest of the volume presents the inscriptions, giving the circumstances of finding."	0
"I moved the file into the folder."	0
"I'm so honored to represent my father in this comradeship of brothers."	0
"A person who prepares baked goods as a profession is called a baker."	0
"Each question requires a text note to explain the rating."	0
"This is a yeast infection of the esophagus caused by the same fungus that causes vaginal yeast infections."	1
"Tonsillitis is caused by infection by a variety of different micro-organisms."	1
"Hiccups are caused by a spasm contracting the diaphragm, a muscle essential in human respiration."	1
"The location of each airport and presence of control towers is indicated with a circle."	0
"The French Government published on 13 January 2010 new guaranteed tariffs for the purchase of electricity produced from biomass, geothermal and solar by the public electricity grid management companies."	0
"This translation is systematic and literal; with a particular emphasis on preserving the metaphors used by the saint in their original signification."	0
"The locking mechanism for a gear consists of a collar (or dog collar) on the shaft which is able to slide sideways so that teeth (or dogs) on its inner surface bridge two circular rings with teeth on their outer circumference: one attached to the gear, one to the shaft."	0
"Upon its discovery, King Tut's mummy was placed inside three coffins, one smaller than the next."	0
"The aircraft was making a third approach to Irkutsk, a scheduled refueling stop, when it crashed."	0
"The party-goers had an array of favorite moments from the past year, from celebrity scandals to personal triumphs, but everyone seemed focused on their resolutions and things to come."	0
"Successful memes spread into numerous copies whereas unsuccessful ones become extinct."	0
"An ossicone grows from the basal cartilage upward."	0
"Cocaine was hidden in the pineapples exported from Ecuador to Medellin city of Columbia."	0
"The puppy was inside a sealed garbage bag lying in vomit and near death."	0
"The committee is composed of people from every department."	0
"Landslides caused the majority of the deaths."	1
"I have added references into the name index."	0
"Rain and wind cause power outage in Los Angeles 11:24, October 15, 2009."	1
"Gordon Brown speech addresses the critics on UK immigration."	0
"This weekly economic publication analyzes and interprets financial, commercial and industrial developments."	0
"This machine has a memory of 5000 slots and in this memory we can stock 500 customers and products."	0
"He took a shower after using hair cream to avoid skin irritation from the chemicals in the product."	1
"The humiliation comes from authorities and people making him loose faith in humanity."	1
"The exhibition examines the first sustained contacts between American people and European explorers, conquerors and settlers from 1492 to 1600."	0
"These initiations only have been passed on to a selected few after years of apprenticeship."	0
"The visit caused a sensation on the Whangaparaoa Peninsula with people reporting the orca and rushing out to photograph and film them, from a safe distance."	1
"The constant polarization voltage between the two electrodes instigates the electrochemical reaction of the chlorine compounds on the working electrode."	1
"Within a minute, the guard leaves the podium again and disappears into the crowd."	0
"These sessions highlight selected abstracts of submitted papers in poster format."	0
"The A/H1N1 virus originated in an Asian bird that was exported to Mexico, where it may have reassorted in a pig before infecting people."	0
"Principal threatens to pull funding from student newspaper for covering flag-burning."	0
"Human hands built this extravagant tomb for the God King."	0
"She pulled out an atlas from the cabinet by the couch and opened it to a world map."	0
"Dust or vapor cause burns or irritation of the eyes with swelling."	1
"I had just returned from a wonderful meal at Gusto when a mysterious email arrived from an unknown person identified only as, Salumi Monger."	0
"Increased reproductive toxicity of landfill leachate after degradation was caused by nitrite."	1
"Here are my favourite quotes from movies, songs and friends,"	0
"This group 0+ baby car seat fits easily into the car and connects to the Jane Powertwin Pro pushchair (sold separately) to make a travel system."	0
"I maintained an even temperature in my ward by bringing in a scuttle of coal for the day's business."	0
"The Earth's surface is divided into huge, thick plates that drift atop the soft mantle."	0
"The petition described the oil as being useful for salads and culinary purposes."	0
"Before the Council, Ireland had such a superfluity of Catholic priests that it exported many of them to Glasgow, England, and the United States."	0
"We use whole wheat flour almost exclusively, but the white whole wheat flour was a new thing."	0
"Two voters put cameras into their booths."	0
"A controversy arose from an equivocal assignment of the metastable 150-meV vibrational peak."	1
"Most of his speeches at the rallies have been about the economy and the need to fight against corruption."	0
"High-frequency geometric ray theory is used to study the refracted arrival from a layer embedded in an infinite medium."	0
"The tribunal has jurisdiction over any dispute concerning the interpretation or application of other agreements."	0
"He was a civilian president, but also he was functioning as the chairman of the political party that he founded from the cantonment."	0
"Guru Jakob Nielsen gives his advice on best practices for programmers."	0
"She began to create a brew in her cauldron, that would take an entire year to prepare."	0
"Dioxide has been released into the atmosphere."	0
"Yes, I have a mutation of thrushes eating me out of bird food."	0
"One year later, a follow-up workshop was held to provide a focused discussion on these issues from a research, practice and policy perspective."	0
"The shocking macro-economics numbers have postponed the recovery to next year."	0
"The Busha cattle is a breed originated in middle ages."	0
"The book asserts the intrinsic relationship between psychotherapy, human rights and politics."	0
"I pressed the button of the radio for contacting the engine driver and said that there was much smoke in the car."	0
"As soon as the guards had left the building to investigate, he scrambled through the window and looked around."	0
"A technician uses an in-circuit emulator on the host PC to set breakpoints, read/write internal registers, dump memory, and perform other debugger-like functions."	0
"The wheat starch has had more than one-hundred-year tradition in Krnov."	0
"The shank of the hook is the right length to create properly proportioned fish profiles."	0
"Death in a vat of chocolate was just waiting for some witty hilarious jokes."	0
"The dataset was extracted from internal documents of the Ministry of Justice and analysed using standard demographic and epidemiological methods."	0
"The carriages of the train were painted blue; the seams were decorated with gilding; all wooden parts were made of Indian teak."	0
"His first aim was to complete the move from a loose alliance of different brands to a tighter, more business-like grouping."	0
"A mouse was found in a loaf of malt bread."	0
"The alleged abuse resulted in bruises and swelling of the brain."	1
"A bird is touching the sun with his wing."	0
"The bootlegger bought his staples there, as well as apples for his mash."	0
"She knew each favorite clump of concealing reeds along the river that the buffalo loved best."	0
"Even the most self-contained stories have spawned sequels, or even prequels."	0
"We have injected the code into the native process."	0
"A man relaxes with higher levels of testosterone, and a woman relaxes by secretion of oxytocin."	0
"The fire originated in an area of the plant housing cement mixing and lifting equipment."	0
"Picture of a woodcut portraying the harm caused by the quake."	1
"The Braidwood Generating Station, owned by the Exelon Corporation, has leaked tritium into underground water."	0
"His approach is similar to a recent comment made by a prominent video game developer."	0
"Bacterial infections of the ear result in malodor, excessive exudation (drainage of pus-like material), and ulceration."	1
"The US Department of Energy has developed a method for producing natural gas from algae."	0
"On the one hand, a small notorious set of bacteria, fungi, parasites, protozoa, and viruses cause disease, as discussed in the two units of the book."	1
"Diabetes is a group of metabolic disorders characterized by a hyperglycemia resulting from defects in insulin secretion, insulin action, or both."	0
"The clashes resulted in a great deal of bloodshed, including the deaths of at least 1200 civilians and 180 Pakistani soldiers."	1
"The twenty-fifth ship, the fleet's command ship Shinbatsu, continued on into Saturn space instead of returning home, escorted by the command ships Shugotenshi and Kergueren."	0
"The rivet tool offers long, ergonomically designed handles to increase leverage, and to secure the rivet in the nosepiece while the tool is in use, in any position."	0
"Yesterday a big huge beautiful orange butterfly flew into my patio."	0
"His daughter fell into perpetual coma by car accident."	0
"Still segregated in World War I, the U.S. Army was reluctant to use its 93d division of black soldiers in combat and instead assigned the division's three National Guard and one draftee regiments to the French Army."	0
"The variations are caused by stratospheric winds and the chemical production and destruction of ozone."	1
"But now there came from out the niche a low laugh that erected the hairs upon my head."	0
"Takara Plum is a rich, sweet and aromatic plum wine suitable as an aperitif."	0
"This is from the introduction in the book "Fountain Pens and Pencils, The Golden Age of Writing Instruments" by George Fischler and Stuart Schneider, 1990."	0
"The sketchy rock in Figure 16 is built up of many separate brush strokes."	0
"Microsoft has put a price of $250000 on the head of the creator of the Conficker internet worm."	0
"The clinical evidence came from a cohort study."	0
"The meal comprises: 1 portion of rice (bukhari / mandi / biryani); 1/4 roast chicken (leg and thigh / breast and wing); 1 small (handsized) box of dates."	0
"Intuitively stack is visualized as indeed a stack of objects."	0
"A Devonport resident has discovered a fuel tank in a concrete bunker at North Head."	0
"It was Schoener who placed the maps in a portfolio that was later acquired by a German prince and stored in a castle for nearly 400 years."	0
"You have poured balm into my anxious soul."	0
"The cops took the man into custody."	0
"Seven tears have flown into the river."	0
"Now, this reservoir is put into operation."	0
"Today, I present to you a small handful of informational tidbits which act as glimpses into the world of a typography enthusiast."	0
"One of the most common reasons for cracks and splits on tree trunks is cold temperature."	0
"Conveyance is any unit for transportation of explosives or blasting agents, including but not limited to trucks, trailers, rail cars, barges, and vessels."	0
"Analogies are examples which aid us in gaining insight into a problem."	0
"A statement by the leadership of the smaller Italy of Principles party said Berlusconi's only alternative would be "to resign immediately"."	0
"Some fish swim in a shoal for protection."	0
"The wine was in a can so I called downstairs to see if there were any other regular Roses."	0
"The delay in bringing the suit to trial is being caused by a terrific log- jam of pending cases, court aids explained."	0
"The journal also contains book reviews and two regular columns that digest news from other sources."	0
"His 'intensely personal' talk tackles the great challenges facing immigrants today."	0
"Much of the bloodshed was caused by the growth of gangs."	1
"The correspondence encloses a purported cheque, as described above, for $2980.00, to go towards these fees."	0
"The purpose of the class was to examine the therapeutic benefits of writing and to discern whether writing can be a help or a hinderance in some situations."	0
"Then all the Evil Llamas has cried and a flink of cows has rampaged threw the streets trying to find the person that killed him."	0
"It is a leaderless organization, although there is an "inner" ring of partners, and an "outer" ring of additional members that are associated with the WikiRing, but have limited rights with regards to voting and access to shared resources."	0
"Tree bark are protected during construction activities and remodeling, since heavy equipment can damage trees."	0
"Blowback firearms use the expanding gas impinging on the cartridge itself to push the bolt of the firearm rearward."	0
"The water evaporated from the evaporators is condensed in the condenser and can be reused in the process."	0
"The questionnaire comprises three sections: (i) the dissemination of budget information, (ii) the executive's annual budget proposal to the legislature and the availability of other information that would contribute to analysis of budget policies and practices and (iii) the four phases of the budget process."	0
"The last hereditary sheriff of Galloway used to silence the disputation of lawyers in his court by calling them "Schoondrels! Blethering loons!""	0
"These benefits have been eloquently described in the last sentence of the preamble."	0
"In the sequence, the raven looks on as the witch stirs the cauldron with a huge bone."	0
"The efficiency of the biosurfactant produced from used vegetable oil was compared to other commercially available surfactants and the results were comparable."	0
"The subjects were asked to climb up a total of 10 steps on the ladder and then down to the floor for each trial."	0
"I carry a spray bottle with 91% isopropanol in it."	0
"The letter was sent from group to group of the dispersed believers to try and build them up "to encourage them" to fill them with hope."	0
"A stranger approached my little brother."	0
"Flanking or backing rudders are used by towboats and other vessels that require a high degree of manoeuvrability."	0
"Many tribes used animal hides to build houses such as tepees and wigwams."	0
"Much of the rain evaporated from the forest canopy without ever reaching the ground."	0
"The boat basically sails from the harbour to an area of a beach where they are supposed to transfer you to a smaller boat and go to the beach."	0
"The anxiety caused by the accident, which appears to show no sign of diminishing, and its negative impact on the living conditions in the affected areas, may be the principal reason for the increase in poor reported health."	1
"This company has eluded from state budget fiscal obligations (VAT and profit tax) totalizing 2.183.351 lei."	0
"In addition to the stipend, the Center provides each scholar with a carrel in the Vorhoff Library; supplies and support such as stationery and copying; borrowing privileges of the Center and University libraries; a Tulane email account and access to university online resources, and the collegiality of a community of feminist scholars and practitioners."	0
"My room has been moved into the corner of the first floor."	0
"This technique is used by most major websites to minimize HTTP requests and hence improve page load times."	0
"It's a file cabinet in Washington with an IOU in it."	0
"It's about a corrupt policeman in a corrupt police force who changes his ways."	0
"The mid-oleic sunflower oil was compared to cottonseed (Gossypium spp.) oil, the "Gold Standard" for frying."	0
"Discount department stores have central customer checkout areas, generally in the front area of the store."	0
"The energy is going away from the source at the group velocity Cg."	1
"The game received mixed reviews, with some of video games publications commenting on the similarities between other games from Dragon Ball."	0
"A man attacked women with a baseball bat."	0
"The remnants of Einstein's brain were in a box marked "Costa Cider.""	0
"The cerebrum (the forebrain) is made up of the right and left cerebral hemispheres."	0
"My vision of heaven is to be surrounded by a clowder of cats."	0
"A 52-year-old rocket enthusiast suffered minor injuries when a motor exploded as he packed powder into the casing, blowing his garage door off its hinges."	0
"The soul departs from the body for eternity."	0
"Accidentally, my remote control fell into the water."	0
"There are a series of books dealing with the identification of groups of birds."	0
"We assume that the energy release from the charge is pot instantaneous, but it depends on time."	0
"Parental influenza virion nucleocapsids were efficiently transported into the nuclei of murine cells."	0
"The nest of hornets was long and uncovered externally."	0
"In a known motor-pump unit of this type, the slot-barrel motor is connected, to the drive spindle of the screw-spindle pump with a pressure side throttle interval interposed."	0
"Caillie dutifully explored the city for four weeks, then departed in a huge caravan of 1400 camels."	0
"It is very realistic and the crimes that are investigated on the show are crimes that have actually occured."	0
"White chocolate is made of cocoa butter, milk, and sugar."	0
"His niece moved into this apartment last month."	0
"The Chinesischer Turm ("Chinese Tower") is a 25 metre high wooden structure, first constructed in 1789 to 1790, from a design by a Mannheimer military architect."	0
"The solid fuel in a conventional grill remains stationary, unless the cook manually stirs the coals with a stick or similar tool."	0
"This mild and relatively common form of acne is caused by cosmetics."	1
"The newest moons were discovered by an international collaboration of astronomers, working in July at the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT)."	0
"The light was radiating from the face of Jesus Christ."	1
"The Dallas wide receiver reacts after coming up with a big catch."	0
"And again, the shirt sleeve is too long, but the jacket is too short."	0
"This garden in a pail is a unique idea that would make a great gift for any cook or herb enthusiast."	0
"This document is a summary of an interrogation of the witness conducted on the noted date."	0
"He panics when he sees a blue gremlin on the side of the bus loosening the lug nuts on one of the tires."	0
"The man pulled it and the staples off the door, prying gently with a putty knife."	0
"Every morning he put a stone into the cup without knowing that one of his friends put a handful of stones in it, to play a trick on him."	0
"The output noise was caused by the biasing resistors and the shot noises of the base currents of Q1 and Q4."	1
"The painting shows a historical view of the damage caused by the 1693 Catania earthquake and the reconstruction activities."	0
"The dialogue at the Summit also covered the economic impact of ICT literacy."	0
"The bank has drawn up plans for the same and may start scouting for partners over next few months."	0
"The only light was from two turrets of bulletproof glass."	1
"Onions and garlic were added to the stew in the cauldron."	0
"Quaint things the women wrought for her -- pomanders and cushions of thistledown; and the men were never happier than when they could tell her of the first thrush's egg in the thorn-bush or the sedge of bitterns that haunted the marsh."	0
"The woman was born in the village."	0
"Most Americans are interested in topics or questions that have to do with cultural differences and with language."	0
"The widespread opinion that both protein and phosphorus cause calcium loss is examined."	1
"The furnace thermostat is the nerve center of your home heating system."	0
"The bureau established an audit-and-risk committee based on the large number of receiverships and an external auditor was appointed to review all 2009 receivership files."	0
"That night, at dinnertime, the prime mover eats the philosophical pickle with a hamburger."	0
"The wallet was inside of a locker designated for Union employees."	0
"PowerPoint presentations for each of the book's chapters are posted on this website."	0
"Another great sign was the wonderful aroma of freshly baked desserts and brewed coffee, and the display case was full of wonderful looking desserts."	0
"They have dumped chemicals into the local river."	0
"Jeff Ma, who was a key member of the infamous MIT blackjack team, notes the turn around of the Oakland A's and the reversal of criticism directed toward GM Billy Beane."	0
"The generated script creates candidate keys defined using a unique index."	0
"The preview of a new Dell laptop has been leaked to this blog."	0
"A local FM radio keeps the town informed about local and international development."	0
"The convict protects Pip with a claim that he stole the items himself."	0
"My father's armor was in a chest next to the shrine."	0
"Ambient vanadium pentoxide dust produces irritation of the eyes, nose and throat."	1
"In this study, flakeboard was produced from decommissioned guardrail posts that had been treated with chromated copper arsenate (CCA)."	0
"Both her and her troop of pampered Beverly Hills princesses learn valuable lessons in character, courage, and friendship with a super happy ending."	0
"On the floor of the passenger side, they found a plastic bag with marijuana inside."	0
"Adjust the thermostat of the refrigerator to between 36 to 38 degrees Fahrenheit, and make sure the freezer is set between zero to 5 degrees."	0
"The crisis originated in an over-leveraged corporate sector and a banking sector that had mismatched assets and liabilities."	0
"It is a hormone that is produced by the pituitary gland and has widespread effects on the body."	0
"As a strategic move, the researcher started the school with a third-year programme with mature students."	0
"It features some of the most beautiful mountain landscapes anywhere, with vertical walls, sheer cliffs and a high density of narrow, deep and long valleys."	0
"The old lady moved the boxes in the corridor into her own house."	0
"The heat and pressure cause metamorphism to occur."	1
"As a consequence, optimization is now viewed as an indispensable tool of the trade for engineers working in many different industries."	0
"The two chiefs quickly gather round them a phalanx of their comrades."	0
"In this marvelous book Smuts draws from years of painstaking field research in which she followed around a flange of chacma baboons in the Mateti Game Park in Zimbabwe."	0
"Instead, the architect measures 'The Sage' with a flexible strip of metal."	0
"Dogs develop a fever from stress and/or pain such as in a severe flea infestation."	1
"The NTSB determined that the aircraft departed from controlled flight and crashed into the Atlantic Ocean."	0
"The recipe comes from our friends at Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories."	0
"They misplaced mastiffs into homes."	0
"The left pin of the potentiometer is the ground connection."	0
"We are careful when mowing a meadow, as a nide of pheasants is in the tall grasses, brooding their young."	0
"The conference's final statement was a summary of all the topics the speakers had touched on during two days of meetings in Cordoba."	0
"I have recently found a little article claiming that music affects our health both improving and worsening it."	0
"The winner of the Goron races gets a bottle full of gold dust."	0
"The weight of the concrete on the soft materials caused a second ground collapse on the following Sunday night."	1
"In its last 12 meetings this year the committee has made about 30-35 recommendations."	0
"In fact while Coppola was away serving his sentence, the question -- "What're you gonna do now, tough guy?" -- had become a popular catch phrase within a small circle of Jersey mobsters."	0
"The inside of your nose is lined with a moist, thin layer of tissue called a mucous membrane (say: myoo-kus mem-brayne)."	0
"Every schoolchild is taught that the monsoons are caused by the change in wind patterns when a large body of warm air rises."	1
"These rules regulate human's behavior toward eachother and serve to maintain a sense of social unity."	0
"Both reached the same basic conclusion, that the ship had been destroyed by a magazine explosion which was triggered by an external blast."	1
"But just think, sadness leads to fear then fear leads to anger."	1
"Then, padding was then put inside the helmets so they fit comfortably and securely."	0
"Individualized letters have been sent to the following addresses."	0
"The kitchen has a fridge and all necessary utensils."	0
"They chose a shop that oven bakes the paint in a down draft paint booth."	0
"By far the greatest damage has been caused by the illicit use of the hallucinogens."	1
"The symptoms of H1N1 flu include fever, cough, sore throat, runny or stuffy nose, body aches, headache, chills, fatigue, and possibly vomiting or diarrhea."	1
"Another device was inserted into another USB port."	0
"The first five-day workshop introduced tools for identifying and exploiting market opportunities."	0
"When a joke driven comedy has weaker jokes, there's nothing behind them."	0
"This reputation as a cheap filler for blends has meant grain whisky has been overlooked."	0
"The quarterback then wins the game with a "Hail Mary" pass."	0
"In a cistern that stores cold liquids, the concrete ring serving as juncture element may be thermally lagged against the rock."	0
"EU enlargement policy was presented as a central instrument for EU conflict prevention."	0
"I changed the length of the catapult arm and I changed the rubber band."	0
"The company entered into collaborative research."	0
"During the period of economy growth, those people have migrated into the urban areas."	0
"The decedent had left the nursery supply company's main yard earlier in the day."	0
"The opening and closing of the heart valves produce the sound of the heartbeat."	0
"The Dickens Community Archive project marks the bicentenary of the author's birth."	0
"This page carries a list of some of these conventions."	0
"The full amount paid to Aardman for the blaze, which was triggered by an electrical fault, was not disclosed."	1
"The EMC of the common bean flour was determined at 10, 25, and 40 C."	0
"Since Sally Industries' inception, John Wood has been a key member of the company's management team and a founding member of the board of directors."	0
"The merger is running into some opposition."	0
"Pressure regulation using the valve and different amounts of fluid goes a long way in keeping your hydraulic log splitter in action."	0
"A mob wanna-be graphically described yesterday how he put a bullet into a gangster's head in a twisted attempt to earn respect in his Brooklyn neighborhood."	0
"The computer is kept in a common area within our home."	0
"Inside of it, the first details about the game were revealed through an interview with series director Masahiro Yasuma."	0
"There is the evidence, photographic and otherwise, recording the debris caused by the subsequent fire and the explosions."	0
"Most illnesses, including colds and flu, cause a toxic overload that also increases the stress on the kidneys."	1
"This particular slot machine has three reels and two paylines."	0
"For example, if the user is bench-pressing the bar, the small end of the lever pushes down on the rod of the hydraulic cylinder."	0
"The archive contains reviews from previous months."	0
"Jug wine has a bad reputation, with many considering it cheap and low-quality."	0
"The paddle, called a dasher, fits inside a canister that holds the ice cream mixture."	0
"This government views science simply as a tool for profit generation."	0
"Bertolli takes pages and pages of text to explain the significance of flours."	0
"With the engine now silent, the airman could hear the air as it whistled through the hole in the cockpit floor and the canopy."	0
"That is one of the many reasons that a CEO's team includes an experienced general counsel."	0
"This is an allegory illustrating a Flemish proverb which shows a merchant with a basket of seven duct-flutes for sale."	0
"The feature analysis storage stores the plurality of predetermined features extracted from the retrieved textual opinions."	0
"This case arises from a December 21, 2005 automobile accident that resulted in the death of Larry Haynes."	1
"A daughter donated her kidney to her father."	0
"The photodeflection technique or mirage method consists in periodically heating a sample with a pump laser modulated by an optical chopper."	0
"Other tree species in the Gabonese forest are much more liable to burn, particularly Burseraceae such as."	0
"The album contains not only songs but also spoken parts narrating parts of the story."	0
"At the moment, we have to expend a great deal of effort to fight black Sigatoka, which attacks the banana plant's leaves."	0
"The starch is the source of the newly formed sugars."	0
"An employee posted a negative comment about the company on Facebook."	0
"The oak tree was growing in the woods of the Longleat Estate, in Wiltshire, at the time Darwin was alive and developing his theory."	0
"The council has carved the city into zones it calls "airsheds", and the most affected areas are those where the new rules are being applied first."	0
"The theme is centered around urban street vision, with a philosophical future edge."	0
"Then a polyurethane catheter was inserted distally into the hepatic artery and connected to the reservoir through a 3-4 cm subcutaneous tunnel."	0
"Two of my girls had the high fever from vaccines, and our family doctor thought nothing of it."	1
"Value of information (VOI or VoI) is the amount a decision maker would be willing to pay for information prior to making a decision."	0
"Santiago Meza Lopez, known as the Stew Maker, stuffed bodies into barrels of lye for drug cartels."	0
"A full written report supplying motives for your action has been prepared."	0
"Former baseball arbitrator Thomas Roberts died due to age-related complications last Wednesday."	0
"The second report assesses the degree of climate policy integration in six different European countries."	0
"A tree growing in the woods often develops long roots (15 to 25 feet) rather than a compact root system in order to compete with the roots of existing trees."	0
"Acne is caused by oily skin and often has black or whiteheads, inflamed sores, and infected sores along with scars."	1
"The meeting decided definitively by secret vote of at least 2/3 of those present entitled to vote."	0
"This movie was in a box set with 20 others, with varying quality, and I can safely say that this title was right at the bottom of the heap."	0
"The magazines were delivered to the subscribers on Tuesday."	0
"Excess oil, dirt and bacteria cause acne."	1
"The bottle carrier converts your bottle into a canteen."	0
"The fragrant sandalwood grows from the soil."	0
"The coil of the galvanometer turns about a vertical axis in the plane of the coil, passing through its centre of gravity and perpendicular to the field."	0
"The sheets are concerned with aspects of speaking the language."	0
"The project uses art as an instrument to provide viewers different insights."	0
"Both squads battered the opposing goaltender with a continuous flurry of shots."	0
"The fuselage accommodated a camera bay, flare bay and an additional fuel tank."	0
"I saw come out of London, even unto the presence of the prince, a great rabble of mean and light persons."	0
"My dish is attached to a pole that resides in a receptacle designed for just such a purpose."	0
"The bulbar region is an area of the brain composed of the cerebellum, medulla and pons."	0
"The best mode of the invention is to form the pillow of firm foam rather than using cotton or cloth or feather filers."	0
"A year later, Arlonzia married Bizzell Pettway and moved into one of the new houses built by the government."	0
"Of course the problem is Christmas just passed so I've got a brand new pile of unread books to contend with."	0
"The proposed permanent rules establish criteria and procedures for awarding grants to eligible applicants."	1
"As a geologically inactive remnant from accretionary epochs of solar system history, Callisto was expected to be a dead, cratered relict, useful only as a contrast to the other, more geologically active satellites."	0
"The player starts playing at the next nearest keyframe."	0
"The target of the naval chief of attaining a ship fleet of 313 remains uncertain, as the Congress believes that it would be beyond their budget to fund such a huge amount and cheaper options of shipbuilding were possible"	0
"Some of my most recent blogs were concerned with life on the croft in various seasons."	0
"He proposed writing a teacher's guide to blackboard drawing."	0
"A work of the United States government, as defined by United States copyright law, is "a work prepared by an officer or employee of the U.S. government as part of that person's official duties.""	0
"They break down into different categories, including tourism, financial services (such as banks, insurance companies), shipping, telecommunications, labour money remitted by nationals working abroad), public services (such as health care, sanitation and education), and public utilities like water, electricity and gas."	0
"Ninety percent of the water evaporated from the ocean falls back on the ocean as rain."	0
"My mother sank into a deep depression after breast cancer scare."	0
"Te Kanawa, a chief of Waikato, was the man who fell in with a troop of fairies upon the top of Puke-more, a high hill in the Waikato district."	0
"He nevertheless drew that syrup from a cask and handed it to me in a jug."	0
"The rainbows are caused by the refraction, or bending, of sunlight as it passes through the raindrops."	1
"The above chart, produced by a study at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel, shows our reactions to different smells along two axes."	0
"In the Terry Pratchett Discworld novel Feet of Clay (1996) a butcher, a baker and a candlestick maker (heads of their respective guilds) play important supporting roles."	0
"The weekend snow storm caused cancellation of the Tornadoes' scheduled league game."	1
"The event was to be kicked off by a parade of the competing athletes, followed by a speech I was to give prior to the opening of competition."	0
"The response to the harm caused by the flood, although institutionally organized, relied mostly on individuals joined in a common purpose rather than on an orchestrated effort by established hand binderies."	1
"The history has recently (2008) been set out in a book by Arnie Gibbons."	0
"The album was stored in a protective poly jacket and the vinyl was stored in an anti-static sleeve."	0
"Traditionally aid has been delivered to African countries by international charities."	0
"Hot dog or cream salad mustard is made from yellow mustard seeds using a wet milling process that creates a fine paste."	0
"Father was member of the USSR Olympic Rowing team from 1986-92 and her mother was a member of the team from 1986-88."	0
"I grew up with milk in a sack."	0
"His previous work has explored archetypal and symbolic themes."	0
"Marking birds with color bands and a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service uniquely numbered metal band enables researchers to follow individuals from year to year."	0
"In addition to being the Fellowship's guide in Lothlorien, in the second movie he leads a regiment of Elven archers from Lorien to the Battle of Helm's Deep, where he is eventually slain by an Uruk-hai along with many of his archers."	0
"Rosacea is a longterm disorder in which the skin of the face becomes red and develops pimples, lesions, and more rarely enlargement of the nose."	0
"This category classifies military units and formations by the year in which they were established."	0
"The cappuccino's climate change impact depends on whether the cafe is double-glazed, the decisions the staff and I take to get there, the diet of the methane-producing cow that produced the milk and the source of power for the espresso machine."	0
"Larger batteries provide standby power for telephone exchanges or computer data centers."	1
"Police found in front of one of the bombed establishments an improvised bomb inside a papaya fruit left under a table at Delecta Bakeshop Friday by two teenage suspects."	0
"The burner of the dryer is lined with more than 3 cm thick castable refractory material."	0
"The water rushing off that safe platform started to wash the seal back into the sea, but then the humpback gave the seal a gentle nudge with its flipper."	0
"Until 1864 vessels in the service of certain UK public offices defaced the Red Ensign with the badge of their office."	0
"Experienced bakers hold the door open a crack with a wooden spoon handle."	0
"The prince decorated the cake with a frosting I pre-made from confectioner's sugar."	0
"The uterine contractions are caused by prostaglandins."	1
"Slaanesh enjoys every aspect of experience, deriving pleasure from pain and suffering."	1
"The folks at the Lilly Endowment were interested in the study of philanthropy through a biographical lens."	0
"The politicians have taken people deep into the twilight zone."	0
"Above all, the prime ingredient in chicken soup is love."	0
"A cigarette set off a smoke alarm."	1
"Quarterly magazine covers the latest political, economic, social, cultural and sporting developments in Africa."	0
"We discovered that a casket was placed inside a second casket made of zinc."	0
"From the window of a train the world is a visual banquet, one you taste and inhale as it flows past your window."	0
"A reconstruction drawing from 1954 shows a man wearing the Cape over his shoulders."	0
"It is one of the oldest chess openings, having been discussed in the literature by 1497."	0
"Tuesday night, a mysterious white powder was discovered inside a roll of quarters at the Lakeshore Mall movie theater."	0
"The badly decomposed body was in a suitcase placed inside a manhole near some luxury homes in Stanley."	0
"A sweeper starts at an end then runs to the opposite end."	0
"The abridger did his job carefully, and with a fairly good eye for consequential alterations."	0
"He signed a proclamation that declares the flu a national emergency."	0
"Rumors have been leaked to the public."	0
"He put a book into the cupboard."	0
"The infant was in a box."	0
"Eighty-four percent of the complications resulted in patient deaths, while 16 percent resulted in a serious injury."	1
"A fisherman saw them with a brood of chicks on the river on 11 May."	0
"The trail extended from the Coushatta village on the Sabine River through the area of ten present Texas counties and merged with the Atascosito Road in Colorado County."	0
"The pilots have flown into trouble before they have even seen it by flying near the base of the clouds."	0
"The grower had to "Flip plow" the field with a modified moldboard."	0
"The chief executive of Bottega Veneta, the Italian maker of the coveted and distinctive woven handbags, is planning for the worst while hoping for something better."	0
"Here is a reliable and tasty cookie recipe from my grandmother."	0
"So solar thermal power generation works essentially the same as generation from fossil fuels except that instead of using steam produced from the combustion of fossil fuels, the steam is produced by the heat collected from sunlight."	1
"Recall that in the Blink application, the timers were started from the booted event."	0
"Bishop V. Gene Robinson of New Hampshire and more than 300 clergy of various faiths plan to spend Tuesday on Capitol Hill lobbying lawmakers to push through a bill that broadens the definition of hate crimes to include those motivated by a person's sexual orientation, gender identity and disability."	0
"Our civilisation is like a dule of young turkeys who are in danger of losing their marbles."	0
"The shifts are caused by gas flows going up one leg and returning down the other."	1
"This primary school teacher has completed a whole book with his class in just one week."	0
"The Cornish Pirates have signed a declaration to tackle climate change as part of their commitment to save energy and reduce their environmental footprint."	0
"We dissolved the contents of one packet in a carafe of water and ran the brew cycle."	0
"As she looked up, she saw a flight of stairs."	0
"Lesions affecting the medial part of the premotor cortex, the SMA and sparing the precentral gyrus caused a contralateral hemiparesis predominating on the leg but predominating proximally on both leg and arm."	1
"A French initiative aimed at tackling childhood obesity is adopted in a town in North Lanarkshire."	0
"This book provides a powerful analysis of the role that Information and Communication Technologies can have in teaching and learning."	0
"In 1974, the American sociologist David L. Phillips showed that publications of suicides on the frontpage of the news paper were followed by an increase in national suicide rates in the month after the publication."	0
"A chip of his breastbone the shape and size of a pinkie fingernail is preserved in a reliquary kept in the rectory."	0
"A die-cut and creased cartonboard blank is made into a carton."	0
"Dulce, a sophisticated girl of twelve, did not in the least care for the bird-fancier, and his waiting meinie of sparrows, or to go into the Louvre for a last look at the Victory."	0
"The injected fluid is slowly spread to the body."	0
"Thus, the princess was born in the midst of the storm that swept over the world in March, 1848."	0
"Just before serving, the olive oil was poured into the salad."	0
"The acid was in a bottle but that the cap was knocked off when trash was thrown into the dumpster."	0
"Optimizing a transformer driven active magnetic shield in induction heating."	0
"In this article, he explores impulsivity in detail."	0
"Newer damper designs have been tested to accommodate a cadre of various flanged connection combinations to comply with UL's breakaway requirements."	0
"She received a letter discussing her teaching duties."	0
"This is the right time to apply as many new projects are landing into markets in India."	0
"I finished my little 30s puff sleeve blouse last night/early this morning."	0
"Members are primarily interested in issues related to family law."	0
"Resulting congestion caused delays of 15-20 minutes to Northeast Corridor, North Jersey Coast Line and Midtown Direct trains."	1
"The RCMP released its report this week on the death of Robert Dziekanski."	0
"He handed the suspects over to the police."	0
"Concerns regarding data protection had been raised by a number of authorities."	0
"To preserve its catch of fish, each boat loads between 2000 and 3000 kilos of ice before it goes out to sea."	0
"The program creates sound using individually recorded notes from a real piano."	0
"The term is derived from a boxing metaphor - when boxers train on a heavy bag they can knock the bag "off the hook"."	0
"My answer came in the last paragraph."	0
"Barbauld was also a literary critic, and her anthology of eighteenth-century British novels helped establish the canon as we know it today."	0
"At 5:30am my son was right behind the officer who battered the door down with a huge steel ram."	0
"This blazing bastard of a cut literally peels the skin straight off you face with its unswerving white knuckle apocalyptic velocity - frankly we need more of this in our life."	0
"In America, September 11 gave rise to a mass of verses written by ordinary people to express their grief."	0
"They opened the text file and dumped the text into the text box."	0
"And you thought a dentist with a drill was scary."	0
"KHZZ experienced competition from former oldies station KHYL, but both stations ended up giving up the format, with KHZZ turning to oldies."	1
"Xiehouyu is a Chinese proverb consisting of two parts."	0
"An icon is a small picture representing a file, folder or program on your computer."	0
"A plasma was generated by an electric discharge between electrodes located in the focal plane of the lens and separated by ~ 1 cm from one another."	1
"The artwork arose from an enjoyable evening with some friends and too much inspiration."	0
"The speed indicator of the bus wasn't working and the driver was driving like mad."	0
"The horn has a full round end, the expensive part of the antlers."	0
"Molten copper is poured into molds at Chuquicamata copper refinery."	0
"Three different storylines are narrated in alternating chapters."	0
"A careless attendant had hooked the padlock of the monkey cage in the staple, but had not locked it."	0
"The book is rich in social history as More traces the origins and subsequent careers of numerous students and the experiences of numerous faculty."	0
"The methods adopted for histochemical observations have been described in the preceding paper."	0
"The coffee grounds fall to the bottom of the pot, and the coffee is poured off into a second pot known as a mutbak."	0
"A group of women from Curves Timaru won best-dressed prize with their ensemble of purple clothes, colourful wigs and sparkly tiaras."	0
"There was also a zoo of metallic monsters and a giant rocket poised on the lake."	0
"Paint dust collected from a grit-blasting operation inside a caisson was stirred up using a leave blower."	0
"The guest of honour breaks open the clay with a mallet, allowing a fragrant aroma to escape."	0
"Several infections cause rash-fever disease that is commonly mistaken for measles."	1
"Described herein are improved apparatus and method for tissue treatment with high intensity-focused ultrasound."	0
"The clutch holder was made with a lathe by a friend of mine."	0
"The cause for the jump to over 30,000 was the deterioration in the economy triggered by a series of bankruptcies among banks and securities firms."	1
"Both cocaine and crack cocaine cause constricted blood vessels, increased heart rate, body temperature and blood pressure."	0
"The man was taken into the building."	0
"Michael Jackson's FBI file consists of about 600 pages."	0
"Because steam locomotives included one or more steam engines, they are sometimes referred to as "steam engines"."	0
"It took the dirt out of the house into a canister which was located in the garage."	0
"As the compressor on the frig turned on caused a voltage spike on the electrical line, which caused a glitch in the "room commander" system."	1
"The complex includes a restaurant, shop and the "Adventure Centre"."	0
"Preventing computer fraud means outwitting horde of hackers, crackers, spoofers, and sniffers."	0
"Furthermore, several areas have also been added to the spaces."	0
"All LibriVox recordings have been released into the public domain."	0
"For crazy science, don't forget the amazingly fun and dangerous book "Mad Science" or a beautiful book by the same author about chemistry."	0
"At full establishment, a brigade of 18-lbr field guns consisted of 795 men of whom 23 were officers."	0
"Stimulation of the posterior horn of the medial meniscus produced a measurable amount of CMAP latency for the semimembranosus muscle."	1
"The artist moves a pointer attached to one part of the pantograph along the outline of the original flat image, and a pencil attached to another part traces out the image but at a larger scale."	0
"Thick oatmeal cookies are soft, while the thin ones are crispy."	0
"From their sleeping place in some unseen vale below, came the clamour of homing rooks."	0
"Insurgents in Asadabad have thrown a grenade into the crowd."	0
"Hands wield the sword in the realm of the flesh, but the intellect wields the pen in the realm of understanding, or of the spirit."	0
"A researcher had been studying a tribe of baboons for 30 years in the wilds of Africa."	0
"Most of the verses of the plantation songs had some reference to freedom."	0
"Saosin shook himself off, coughing from inhaling the smoke, and then stood up in an awkward fashion."	1
"We put the trampoline data into the read-only section since a CPU hot plug was supported."	0
"Finally, there are the compeers, I mean the character-compeers of all these profligates, whose appearance is truly somewhat different, namely, rags and drunkenness."	0
"The species in the intestine of the cat is not the same as that found in the mouth of the cat and other animals."	0
"A polio outbreak in Nigeria was caused by the vaccine designed to stop it, leaving at least 69 children paralyzed."	1
"The pyramid of champagne flutes is like the communion of local churches that comprise the Catholic Church."	0
"The edge of that drawer hits the handle of the dishwasher."	0
"I left Belgium to return to Italy with a suitcase full of items I cannot find here and more importantly with a more positive attitude."	0
"These tests work by using a substance that changes color once it is bound to hCG."	0
"The US price of gasoline went unchanged from two weeks ago, holding an average of $2.64 a gallon."	0
"This document provides updated interim guidance on the use of facemasks and respirators for reduction of exposure to 2009 influenza A."	0
"Controlling for the mid-five-figure bribe, Imus is a guilty pleasure for a large ratpack of media folks including Anna Quindlen, Jim Lehrer, Tim Russert, Tom Brokaw, Bill O'Reilly, Tom Friedman, Frank Rich, Maureen Dowd, and Andy Rooney."	0
"The basket was full of furry orange-and-black faces -- kittens."	0
"His becomes Version 1 of the report and is the report that fulfills compliance with the ARRA Section 1512 reporting requirements."	0
"The collagen was extracted from chrome shavings with alkali."	0
"But for an old AT keyboard the keypad keys produced digits when Numlock was on or Shift."	0
"Brownie girl scout vest is the best part of the uniform."	0
"So the chief of the police shouted to his officers, "Stop thief!" and many made after him."	0
"Warning labels on cigarette packs and ads inform about dangers and, implicitly, to discourage use."	0
"Hotel La Residencia was used by Dali frequently for his afternoon drink and chat sessions, and has lovely two-level rooms."	0
"The sonar picks up the swim bladder of the fish."	0
"The impact of the tire against the pothole caused a slit on the tube that the repairman had to sew three stiches."	1
""National Discourse" (1780) shows a stout British sailor with a cudgel staring down a relatively effete French seaman with a sword."	0
"Tongsville uses a menage of pixel styles that are best compared to famed digitally designed experiences like Netbabyworld and eBoy's eCity."	0
"A lot of effort has gone into the development of a suitable statistical method."	0
"The three-part Irish crime documentary series examined three memorable and notorious large-scale crimes committed in the country."	0
"The officers have been placed on administrative leave."	0
"Stress and anxiety trigger panic attacks, however healthy people may experience panic attacks, but they are no that common."	1
"We examined the electrical resistance of the paw pads of mice under the same conditions as used previously in studies of the passive avoidance response."	0
"The reason peanut butter cookies are being recalled is that the cookies might not get hot enough throughout to kill all the salmonella."	0
"The graph was stored in live format."	0
"Lumberjacks hold the axe handle nearer the axe head."	0
"He published important works on epistemology, as well as works relevant to religion, law, and history."	0
"That's why I gave birth in the toilet and hid the baby in a cupboard drawer."	0
"Fortunately the drift of the cattle traffic is eastward, and as yet there has been no propagation of the poison in the great cattle ranges of the West."	0
"The construction work of the metro station for Line 6 started in September 2007."	0
"Victims from the factory have been transported into the emergency room."	0
"Within minutes of last night's terrorist attacks in Mumbai in India, blogs and social networks were buzzing with news, photos and eyewitness accounts."	0
"This is due to the amount of sand in the hourglass and the size of the hole the sand must pass through."	0
"People with thickened heart valves may need to take antibiotics before some types of dental and surgical procedures because they are at risk of developing an infection on the valve in the heart."	0
"Some 9000 marines are moving into the small Afghan towns near the border to stop Taliban soldiers."	0
"The stunt plane went into uncontrollable dive."	0
"The former president in my company has moved into private equity jobs."	0
"The bomb which killed two people and injured several others was in a bin outside a jewellers to the right of the George Street entrance to the hotel."	0
"In order for you to find the exact products that you are looking for, the staff in the shop gives advice over the phone; just call +45 33 69."	0
"Mental health recovery and economic recovery after the storm: high-frequency longitudinal evidence from Sri Lankan small business owners."	0
"The behavior of premixed flame in a vessel is investigated through a direct numerical simulation of the three-dimensional unsteady Navier-Stokes equations."	0
"The structure is similar to a microfiber array developed by the same group of researchers in 2006."	0
"His head was in a jar, but most of his brain stem and one ear was left on his body."	0
"The chair of the corporation is elected for a term of office of up to four years as determined by the Corporation."	0
"The drop was caused by the recession and the usual seasonal factors, with fruit and vegetable prices lower in the summer months."	1
"The pandemic was caused by the virus Yesinia pestis, better known as The Bubonic Black Plague, which infected the flees on the Black rodents."	1
"5 Gigahertz is a radio frequency band that is used by 802.11a/n Wi-Fi products."	0
"Amino acid synthesis is the set of biochemical processes (metabolic pathways) by which the various amino acids are produced from other compounds."	0
"After arresting a computer hacker who stole $2 million from the Federal Reserve, Jake assumes his identity to infiltrate a ring of his associates and discover what their next target will be."	0
"Washington's forces defeated the British in 1781 with the help of French troops and German military officer Baron Von Steuben."	0
"The processor's existence was revealed during a speech from AMD executive vice-president."	0
"The article describes the tragedy of a switchboard operator."	0
"The company is moving plant material into Queensland's suburb."	0
"The term originates from an expression same-edne."	0
"After 1 and 14 d of ripening, the cheese serum was pressed from the cheeses brined at 0.1 and 300 MPa."	0
"The latest state of the economy report by the Bank of Uganda indicates that overall, export proceeds in the month of October increased by 9.7 per cent."	0
"Unemployment and poverty cause abuse of children and serious situations such as the breakdown of families where the rights of the child are easily infringe."	1
"The following is a comprehensive list of colors that are included in the Wikipedia articles about color."	0
"The discussion around content shifts to a curation model."	0
"The child's body was abandoned placed in a laundry bag that was sealed in a plastic garbage bag before it was left behind in the woods."	0
"The software products governed by this agreement are the Viewpoint Media Playerand the Viewpoint Manager."	0
"In this study, subjects from two different societies were asked to play ultimatum games and subsequently to answer a battery of attitudinal questions."	0
"Goods such as soaps and towels were transported into countries in Central Africa."	0
"There were at least 12 firefighters operating on the roof of the supermarket at this time."	0
"The contestant gave an answer that drew a mixed reaction from the audience."	0
"There is a red indicator button on the dash to the left of the steering wheel and it is stationary."	0
"The paper presents a chemical composition analysis of the gases emanated from geothermal sources in the Herculane Spa area (Romania)."	0
"The student who fell from an Olson Hall window in October was alone in his room."	0
"Personality in poetry includes such things as style and rhythm."	0
"The course comprises 9 holes through the listed historic park round Gilling Castle, and provides a stimulating challenge for any golfer."	0
"Acne is caused by irritants like fabrics, hair gels and makeup."	1
"EXE is the common filename extension denoting an executable file."	0
"Parent verbalizations were focused on story-relevant questions."	0
"Climate change talks have been moving into overtime."	0
"In New England in the early to mid-19th century, many cotton and textile factories employed large numbers of female adolescent workers from the New England area."	0
"As well as being a writer, Landis was also a collector, and by the time of his death had laid the foundation of a library of rare books on Korea."	0
"Man at the norhtern edge of the mouth of the cave of Stora Forvar, with a Stone Age settlement which was excavated in 1888-1893."	0
"Rising as it does, 8260 feet straight from the fertile plains of the North Island's finest dairying country, the mountain is clothed with primeval forest."	0
"Chinese literature begins with ShiJing (Book of Odes), an anthology of songs, poems, and hymns."	0
"Sadness leads to dissatisfaction with the job."	1
"A Grade I certificate was awarded to the product."	0
"The word "song" is used to describe the pattern of regular and predictable sounds made by some species of whales, notably the humpback whale."	1
"Insert the oyster knife in the hinge of the oyster (Figure 1)."	0
"A 7-month-old baby was locked in a 2-by-3 foot cedar chest hidden underneath her aunt's bed for 12 hours before police found her Wednesday."	0
"For very young children the fitter measures the foot with a little hand gauge but when the child gets older they get to go on the state of the art."	0
"By 1945 the French electric system was generating more power than it had before the war."	1
"That being said, I do love the game and play it all the time but would appreciate a little less frustration from programming and debugging, and sticking strictly with the frustration that comes from hitting bad shots."	1
"You see and hear Hackman's screaming after the dreadful shooting."	1
"The whole excerpt revolved around one single theme."	0
"The "Magic E" was a rhyme by an orange alien robot thing that sang along the lines of: "Kit, becomes kite with me..."."	0
"Berry wine has the potential to be really remarkably awful."	0
"Nelson's body was preserved first in a cask of brandy - at Gibraltar, this was changed to spirits of wine."	0
"Wind and water erosion is confined to farmlands."	1
"The idea is the heatsink removes the heat from the CPU and the fan blasts the heatsink with the surrounding air cooling it down."	0
"Adaptive hyperplasia and compensatory growth in the salt glands of ducks and geese."	0
"The human papillomavirus is one of the most common causes of these and most other types of warts, and this is a virus that attacks the skin through direct contact."	1
"The crash has been caused by a meteor."	1
"An ordinary day is thrown into chaos by an audacious crime."	0
"The body is built up of many different things such as muscle and fat and water."	0
"The house is set in a large garden or plantation of bananas, coconuts, limes, and other fruit trees, and a short distance off are the teachers' and students' houses."	0
"The man was on his knees, sdiraya neck with the rope and coughing from suffocation."	1
"The supreme court has applied the protections of this amendment to the states through the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment."	0
"In this paper we describe the derivation of a blastocyst following heterologous nuclear transfer (NT) into a human oocyte."	0
"The primary aim of the present invention is to provide a capless closure for a conventional fuel filler pipe."	0
"The dolphin 's tail is so powerful it can push the dolphin straight up out of the water."	0
"The South China tigers are verging on the brink on extinction from hunting and deforestation, and these magestic animals are so close to being gone forever."	1
"Matthew Coon Come is the leader of this organization."	0
"The word "mandala" is from the classical Indian language of Sanskrit."	0
"Hopefully the students went away from the assembly with a little more pride and respect for our veterans."	0
"The researchers produced a report which has, literally, saved their jobs."	0
"Flapping with his wings the duckling quacked for joy."	0
"All of our producers rear produce within the New Forest."	0
"Sensitive and robust, this active stethoscope features a small metal and rubber button head with a preamped PVDF film sensor inside."	0
"This lot are simply an ace young British pop band, who recorded the most consistent power-pop album of 2009."	0
"The council hall stank like a congress of baboons."	0
"The patient has been placed into a drug induced coma."	0
"Swine flu is one of the leading causes of respiratory disease in swine throughout the world."	1
"The environmental and health consequences of the evacuation after the Chernobyl accident."	1
"Lasers work by using various soft pulsing light wavelengths and intensities to help reshape scar tissue."	0
"The Queen has expressed her shock at the devastation caused by the flooding."	1
"The handpiece contains a primary coil and the sleeve encloses a secondary coil, which are inductively coupled together so that electromagnetic energy can be transferred between them."	0
"Subsequent DNA analysis confirmed that the fetus was derived from a cloned embryo."	0
"The speech caused a conservative combustion on the Internet, but when Wanda visited The Tonight Show a few weeks later to talk about the dinner, she told Jay Leno that she didn't even know about the controversy."	1
"Relaxation involves concentration and slow, deep breathing to release tension from muscles and relieve pain."	0
"The pet was overly sensitive, and thus the ticks and fleas caused rashes and discomfort."	1
"Dr. Legome discussed the hospital's response to the news that a plane had crashed into a river."	0
"Strenuous activity with shovel and wheelbarrow enabled my neighbor to give the ground a gradual slope up to the fence."	0
"The letter contained details on the dispute."	0
"The raid resulted in an immediate regional crisis over the apparent Colombian violation of Ecuadoran sovereignty, with both Ecuador and Venezuela mobilizing military forces."	1
"A scheme establishing access to the East Sussex countryside for disabled people draws to a close."	1
"The paint is going away from the small aluminium at the bottom and at the top of the keyboard."	0
"Copy of all documents being discussed at the meeting were available for inspection."	0
"This included writing an account of their character and a speech on the subject of child labour."	0
"The laptop includes a 1.6GHz Intel processor, presumably with the usual 945GSE northbridge and ICH7M southbridge, 1GB of RAM, and a 2.5-inch, 160GB hard disk drive."	0
"The artwork and artifacts that make-up this exhibit give students the opportunity to physically and personally experience some of the things (and weight of the things) that "grunts" carried in Vietnam."	0
"Recent global warming has thrown nature into disarray."	0
"Comedy was employed in a cathartic role against the tension, fear and grief caused by the fighting."	1
"Since 1972, when Jewish settler organizations were successful in falsely registering the land with the Israeli Land registrar, the family have suffered the stress and anxiety caused by the constant legal battles involved in fighting for the right to stay in the homes in which many of them were born."	1
"The fleeing convicts were picked out of the darkness by the watchful prison guards."	0
"There are a number of fairly standard conventions when framing a business letter that it is important to observe."	0
"The letter contains instructions for completion, and encloses a blank copy of the Assurance of Compliance."	0
"This book has been the topic of considerable heated debate, but it is not the intention of this reviewer to enter into this public argument."	0
"He is mentioned in the first chapter of Walton's " Compleat Angler," wherein Venator refers to a meet of his hounds at Am well Hill."	0
"One of the few landmarks to guide the charge was a copse of oak trees near the center of the Union line."	0
"For a time class became the dominant research topic for sociology."	0
"Mud-plastered walls, traditional display of art, handicrafts from all parts of the nation and the exclusivity of each theme state every year makes the Surajkund Mela stand apart in the league of various exhibitions of arts and crafts."	0
"The next paragraphs introduce some simple ideas from weighted digraph analysis."	0
"A photograph reminds Frederic about a forgotten childhood memory about a mysterious woman in white a young."	0
"The surgeon is part of the team of clinicians participating in a long rehabilitation process."	0
"The bait got out from under the frig."	0
"In the hands of an evil cabal of sadistic murderers who feast on the flesh of their victims, a young woman lashes out in one, last, desperate act of defiance."	0
"One way to have a garden in the country is in a window box."	0
"The deepest portion of the photosphere is the source of a continuous spectrum."	0
"A calendar of saints forms a way of organising a liturgical year on the finely-granulated level of days by assigning each day to association with a saint."	0
"The Rail Accident Investigation Branch has released its report on the derailment."	0
"All thirty of the patches sewn into the cloth in 1534 by the Poor Clare nuns to repair the devastation caused by the 1532 fire were removed."	1
"The conference was organised around four roundtables."	0
"The cocaine was in a suitcase that had arrived on a flight from Mexico."	0
"The Learning Institute has several externally funded projects investigating aspects of learning and teaching or management in higher education."	0
"My cockatiel threw up this morning."	0
"The plasma processing apparatus produces a plasma in a vessel and processes samples using the plasma."	0
"He wrote out a sketch setting out his basic ideas on transmutation of species."	0
"Rhys and Frost, two of my business of four ferrets, love to go outside on their leashes."	0
"The funds are invested into renewable energy schemes."	0
"As Mr. Appenzeller retracted his hand in shock, a head popped out of the wet clothing, its eyes wide and frightened."	0
"The court instead achieved the desired flexibility using a harmless error rule."	0
"The storm was generated by an intense cold front moving across drought-affected areas in South Australia and NSW."	1
"This 80 page article was extracted from the book: New Model of the Universe, by P. D. Ouspensky."	0
"Metallurgical Plant has shown that the performance of the clamping mechanism of the gun is less than satisfactory."	0
"An AIDS test is added to the physical exam."	0
"It is soon asleep, however, on the pillow of mother's breast."	0
"The order is posted to an overseas address."	0
"To reheat the turkey without drying it out, we placed the slices in a steamer basket set in a pot of simmering water."	0
"The matter inside a supermassive black hole is not as dense as inside a stellar-sized black hole."	0
"This guide outlines the issues to consider before submitting your Junior Reporter pieces."	0
"The marketing research firm reeased a recent report saying the number of Americans watching online video has more than tripled in the last 5 years."	0
"In late summer (July to September), the robins disperse and the Culex shift to feeding on humans, again despite the ubiquity of house sparrows."	0
"Joint problems are caused by osteoarthitis (degenerative joint disease), subluxations, sprains, intervertebral disc."	1
"Enteric-formulated lactoferrin was more effectively transported into the blood."	0
"The examination started at the head."	0
"With a blow of the whistle, the locomotive departs from the station platform pushing four carriages ahead of it."	0
"The archives also publish historical and scientific studies."	0
"Scientists responsible for analysing the seizures have given a warning that traffickers are turning to hospital X-ray equipment and laboratory supplies as an illicit source of radioactive material."	0
"The money was locked in a safe on the premises."	0
"This flame was put inside a hollowed-out turnip to keep it glowing."	0
"It is a tutorial by Mark Levine that aims to summarise the musical theory, including jazz harmony, required by an aspiring jazz pianist."	0
"This adorable necklace is made with fine silver plated chain and is 20" long."	0
"We did spot a few elephants, cape buffaloes, and warthogs, when we got so close we could actually count the warts on their faces, but our best shots were of the corps of giraffes, who towered over us at over eighteen feet tall and weighed in excess of 2,000 pounds."	0
"A lice infestation is diagnosed by looking closely through pubic hair for nits, nymphs, or adults."	1
"An actress's nude photos have been leaked to a local journal."	0
"'Transition' are the series of large mirrored beach hits that cling to the stubborn undulation of the cliffs above McKenzie's Bay."	0
"The nice thing about the title of the first book was that as soon as you saw the the cover, or even read the title, you knew immediately about the blog without having to read a review or a "to get more info" blurb."	0
"A traveler wears a mask for protection against the swine flu."	0
"Those models were chain driven and the mechanism was enclosed in a very visible oil bath."	0
"He created and advocated "flower power,"a strategy in which antiwar demonstrators promoted positive values like peace and love to dramatize their opposition to the destruction and death caused by the war in Vietnam."	1
"The file is added to the directory."	0
"It is a document that recites facts pertinent to a legal proceeding."	0
"The files reveal militarist plot to kill Yoshida."	0
"He took the most convenient way to go to Lausanne: using a train from the railway station located at the airport."	0
"Pentagon moves the troops into the Middle Eastern region."	0
"End-sequencing of the fragments with short 36-base reads therefore leads to elevated coverage near the end of the baits."	0
"For wader enthusiasts each spring provides an opportunity to discover a trip of dotterel."	0
"A stone was put inside a freshly made pot, then it was pressed against the metal."	0
"The cognac was in a bottle from which the label, if it ever had one, had long since vanished."	0
"A rustic cottage and farm yard buildings give memories from bygone days."	0
"It is an ongoing academic project by social scientists to assess the state of sociocultural, moral, religious, and political values of different cultures around the world."	0
"An Assam rebel leader was handed over to the police."	0
"The two four-legged chickens were in a box under a heat lamp, a temporary lodging until a more spacious cage was available."	0
"The clerk in the shop activated the card for us."	0
"The accident caused a traffic snarl on the ever busy bridge leading to diversions to other routes."	1
"Aromatic hydrocarbon-water separations by a pressure driven membrane separation process."	0
"Greene monitored a colony of rabbits over a long period of time (8-10 years)."	0
"The arts minister eagerly put this famous oil painting into a cultural frame."	0
"The man ran him over with his own truck, and then left the country."	0
"However, in 1819 the United States had by statute declared the slave trade to be piracy and subject to the death penalty."	0
"On one occasion we had an excellent opportunity of watching a small covey of willow grouse, almost as pure white as the snow upon which they were running."	0
"I've suffered from an injury that has been caused by the negligence of another person, and I've filed an injury claim."	1
"Some part of the train was inside a tunnel and the remaining on the ramp."	0
"James Ford, a sculptor and print maker, died on Tuesday at his home in Manhattan."	0
"The words flowed from the imagination of a modest curate."	0
"I've been to Ireland several times and once while in a pub in Galway City I noticed people ording pints with blackcurrent syrup in them."	0
"The shaman cured him with herbs."	0
"Lot means the share in eschatological salvation that God gives to each individual believer in the communion of all believers."	0
"Gary Oldman, whose name has vanished from the main credits, is Lecter's disfigured victim who wants revenge, specifically to feed the evil doctor to his singular of wild boars."	0
"In a marine park on the coast of Hawaii's Oahu in the 1990s a small pod of bottlenose dolphins turned these bubble-rings into their own art form."	0
"The Ultravox song, with its faint allusions to the crumbling Hapsburg Empire, was written by a group that never set foot in Vienna."	0
"Cells damaged or killed by flu result in the production of interferon which is one of the most potent causes of fever."	1
"The philological origin of the word "tact" is derived from the Latin verb tangere."	0
"Pressure from shoes and walking cause friction and the body's natural response is to build up the skin to protect it from breaking down."	1
"The clever house rat is going to get away from a cell."	0
"The UN team for recovery after the tsunami in India nominated the WHO."	0
"The boy places the bell in the pocket of his robe and all the children watch as Santa takes off into the night for his annual deliveries."	0
"When the scientists came here the brain was in a jar."	0
"The poet's sizable oeuvre includes very little prose but more than 500 published poems."	0
"The line-item veto is the best tool the president has to rein in excessive spending."	0
"The prerogative of Reason lies very low, perpetually overpowered by the rabble of appetites, passions, and opinions."	0
"The two countries are related through an unbroken common history spanning three-hundred and thirty-nine years."	0
"Feminist science fiction tends to deal with women's roles in society."	0
"After shelling the Serbian Orthodox church in East Mostar, the Croat artillery had destroyed the Mostar Bridge aiming at sweeping all the symbols of fraternity of different cultures."	0
"Cancellations were notified by mail."	0
"The world was created by a long process beginning with the collapse of a huge molecular cloud."	0
"The motet grows from a short, sparse germinal idea in which the intervals of the tone, semitone and augmented fourth predominate."	0
"The method comprises the step of administering approximately 5 25 ml of silver composition, one to five times a day orally until there was a response."	0
"Well, he's only the creator of possibly the most played computer game ever written."	0
"The Unofficial Charles Portis website aims to be a virtual cornucopia of book reviews and biographical pieces related to its namesake."	0
"A mother carries her children inside a public school used as an evacuation center for victims of the floods caused by the continuous rains of Typhoon Ketsana, in the town of Tanay, Rizal east of Manila September 28, 2009."	1
"The umpire in the game of Serina Williams and Martinez Sanchez was true."	0
"Why exactly the physicist came up with the term "black hole" I'm not sure of, but you might be able to find out in his autobiography."	0
"It was in this background that the brigade of the guards was raised in 1949."	0
"Express buses depart the airport every 1 hour from 6.00 until 1.00."	0
"Unfortunately, you also inherited predisposition to certain diseases."	0
"We just finished our last run of pasture poultry for the year."	0
"They packed the sketch into a thick stiff cardboard sleeve so that it wouldn't get bent."	0
"He boiled one liter of water in a flask on a hot plate."	0
"We describe the design and synthesis of a ferroelectric liquid crystal composed of racemic molecules."	0
"She met her British husband, Martin Stamp, a software developer, in 1983, and with him felt that she finally belonged."	0
"The bag was full of electronic and game items, and fled the scene possibly in a black GMC Envoy."	0
"The first mechanism involves the exit of a solute from a micelle into the aqueous phase and its re-entry into another (or the same) micelle."	0
"The electron beam is generated by an explosive emission cathode."	1
"The latter book I got out of storage from the University of North Carolina library."	0
"During his reign, two working groups under the lead of the engineer Eupalinos dug a tunnel through Mount Kastro."	0
"In 1993 the party won the governorship with a pledge to cut income taxes 30%."	0
"Wendy's has added orange slices into children's meals."	0
"General Lee is hourly expected, as if from heaven, with a legion of flaming swordsmen."	0
"The high pressure inside acaisson presents health risks."	0
"Three people had been killed in a fire after the quake and hundreds of people were injured."	1
"The song is featured in the 1990 film Riff-Raff, performed by the main female character."	0
"Those of us resolving to lead a lower-carbon life in 2010 could do worse than acquire a copy of Prashant Vaze's new book, The Economical Environmentalist, in which the author picks over the fine details of his life."	0
"The pilot crash-landed into a mall parking lot."	0
"Seismologists are keeping an eye on a recent swarm of small earthquakes in Sun Valley."	0
"We all are spreading viruses to other people since we are not washing our hands well."	0
"The income went to the administration."	0
"The class teacher is part of the school team, ensuring the unit is well integrated into the school, whilst still preserving the Montessori character and method of education."	0
"Some have argued that the money the pirates demand is very little compared to the devastation that has been caused by the toxic waste, which includes nuclear waste."	1
"The procession lasts all days and passes by all the places in the city that are linked to the saint's martyrdom."	0
"She frowned as she glanced around at the huddle of hens, now in a tight pact gathered near Azul."	0
"The president is running into bankruptcy."	0
"After having been aged for several months to a year, the cigars were kept in a humidor; thus they tasted better."	0
"The ring of gossipers sat in their old place in the post-office one evening, when the door opened and in came Jerry himself."	0
"Information was gained from this second test."	0
"You placed two bare ends of the wire into a beaker filled halfway with distilled water."	0
"The monks scaled the sheer rock faces by inserting pieces of timber into crevices."	0
"During her talk she related some of the tricks that Orville liked to play on people."	0
"In addition to this, subsidies are paid private individuals to keep horses of merit in the stud."	0
"The Elector of Saxony made up the battalion of 120 pikemen, or so-called men of double pay, and 180 musketeers."	0
"Kim Jong Il was raised in totalitarian North Korea and became the leader of this society."	0
"Real metrosexuals use moisturizers."	0
"He had long thrown over the Bismarck tradition, and for him and his Emperor affairs in South-Eastern Europe have long been worth the bones of a legion of Pomeranian grenadiers."	0
"All staff, from the chairman, Charlie Mayfield, to part-time shelf stackers in Waitrose, get the same percentage payout."	0
"A few of her tracks delve more into a pop-rock sound, and the petit blonde performs with a sweet, southern voice made for the genre."	0
"The system works using a character rig or "Biped" which is pre-made and allows the user to adjust the rig to fit the character they will be animating."	0
"In the movie, meatballs are dropped onto the ground."	0
"The partners were a producer of required machinery and a research institute."	0
"The instrument was inside a vacuum chamber, and both piston and anvil were cooled with liquid nitrogen."	0
"The Gulf monetary union pact has come into effect."	0
"The molten metal was poured into an unheated chamber from an external melting container."	0
"The paper reported a 'palpable sense of disappointment' from the audience."	1
"The exhibition profit was donated to a cancer research center."	0
"Scientists warn that the damage caused by the fishing industry is irreparable."	1
"These old power plants produce pollution that causes smog, acid rain and global warming, and they generate radioactive wastes and other toxic pollutants."	1
"The team used the newly-developed nanoparticle to build therapies for treatment of individuals with cardiovascular disease."	0
"The phrase originates from an argument for taxing English nobles."	0
"Of course, the most common things in seawater, besides the hydrogen and oxygen that make up the water itself, are sodium and chloride ions, which are the components of common table salt and make ocean water taste salty to us."	0
"The tapir hit the thick stem a few times with its hoof, tore off a piece of the bark and passed it to Tasurinchi."	0
"A paper co-authored by JRC staff entitled "Plutonium-based superconductivity with a transition temperature above 18K" was published on 21 November in Nature magazine."	0
"The glass tealight holder appears to float inside the metal spiral as it spins in the gentle breeze."	0
"My 8 year old daughter came up with an extremely good idea."	0
"Diabetic peanut butter cookies recipe from the diabetic recipe collection at InformationAboutDiabetes.com."	0
"Some of the medical information in the book pertaining to medical procedures, drugs, etc., is out of date and I check anything I am unsure of with my health care provider."	0
"We chose a server driven approach to link prefetching."	0
"I was sitting in the hotel room the other day and found the bible that was in the desk drawer, I got a few quotes that seemed good and expressed my feelings."	0
"It is inherently no less silly to see a king in a pear (as all of France did) than to see a pear in a rabbit, a rabbit in a carafe, a carafe in a clock, and so on and so forth."	0
"The purpose of this article is to report the findings of a study on the effects of the federal truth-in-lending legislation."	0
"Sets are conventionally denoted with capital letters."	0
"The sculpture is considered among the artist's most restrained creations."	0
"In many countries, the national association is a federation of various Scout associations."	0
"Fetal alcohol spectrum disorders, or FASDs, are caused by drinking alcohol during pregnancy."	1
"This musician and instrument maker makes dulcimers that meet his own demanding requirements as a player."	0
"He gets the door open easily and leads Sam inside, fingers curled into the front pocket of his jeans."	0
""Lagrima Del Sol" is a pineapple wine made from 100% fresh pineapple juice produced in the only pineapple production region in Japan."	0
"As a typical case, the slow motion of a swarm of particles in a viscous fluid was studied both theoretically and experimentally."	0
"The release profiles were modified by delaying additional drug release from the press-coated surfaces."	0
"Pain in the heel of the foot is caused by several different conditions."	0
"Beavers also build canals to float build materials that are difficult to haul over land."	0
"The job of the four heart valves is to make sure blood flows in one direction through the heart."	0
"To heighten that translucent effect, the executive offices have been placed in the middle of the building, while underlings, with their open-plan work stations, get to enjoy breathtaking views over the Hudson."	0
"Before databases appeared, the information on the computers was stored in files."	0
"A crypt of the XI century dug a posteriori under the choir also preserves frescos of the time."	0
"Then antibiotic ointment was put inside my lower eyelid and they patched my eye closed."	0
"In another case, cocaine was hidden in cylinders on the bottom of a commercial vessel, a banana boat."	0
"The world's top golfer said in a statement on his website that he had let his family down and that he regretted those "transgressions with all of my heart"."	0
"Venous insufficiency ( a failure of the valves in the veins of the leg that causes congestion and slowing of blood circulation in the veins )."	0
"To solve this problem Tommy Flowers, an engineer who worked for the post office, designed a machine which worked on the digital data stream of the Lorenz traffic and could carry out the statistical tests needed to find the key."	0
"Tony found that when he poured water into a crack in a rock sample and froze it, then allowed it to thaw, the crack was actually wider."	0
"He has worked on a wide array of topics, including transportation security and the future of the FAA and the national airspace system."	0
"We were crushed by a crash of rhinoceroses."	0
"Over the six years, this club donated a large amount of money to local children's charities and families."	0
"They lit a bottle full of kerosene and flung it over the gates before fleeing the scene."	0
"Then he put a forkful into his mouth, chewing with discernment the toothsome pliant meat."	0
"I had a suitcase with clothes in it."	0
"A room was dug from the side of a hill and the opening closed in by wood, earth, or fabric, such as the wagon's cover."	0
"He had a wonderful story to tell of the conquest of a continent by a people through thrift, endurance, sacrifice and grit."	0
"The conference started with the general debate at which heads of delegations are delivering their national statements."	0
"The chancellor confirmed that this measure was under discussion."	0
"I dunno, I'm kinda leaning towards some props for the person that came up with brakes."	0
"Wind driven rain has come into the downtown."	0
"After 30 min, the oil was pressed from the flour on a small capacity hydraulic press."	0
"Stone grinding is very technical."	0
"Newsted's statement revealed his departure was based on private and personal reasons."	0
"Junk mails were automatically put into a spam folder."	0
"They packed yeast into toothpaste tubes."	0
"Lactic acid is made from dextrose by fermentation."	0
"The backpack contained a laptop computer and a wallet with identification."	0
"Little Irish girl Becky called a demolition company and asked if they would knock her school down."	1
"The pillow of Western nations is a cushion of linen or other material, stuffed with feathers, down, hair or wool."	0
"On his blog theres a 2-Part article about a girl who escaped from an Amish community."	0
"The display receives the output through a 15 pin D connector cable."	0
"As well as the wildlife, India has a vast treasure trove of palaces, forts, temples, museums and bustling cities."	0
"Annie's the inventor of the astoundingly clever Flip Knit, a low tech, portable alternative to knitting videos."	0
"After a successful launch on 29 November 1994, the satellite was manoeuvred from its initial geosynchronous-transfer orbit at 28.5 degrees to the equator, to an intermediate one at 12.4 degrees, 6,390-36,065km by mid-December."	0
"Carbon nanotubes introduced into the abdominal cavity of mice show asbestos-like pathogenicity."	0
"The award has been given to the scholar who proved the mathematical theory."	0
"Adam Smith's first measure of fame was gained from a series of public lectures on rhetoric and belles lettres delivered in Edinburgh from 1748 to 1751."	1
"The hall fell into disuse."	0
"The closure caused a backup on the freeway for several miles northbound as cars were detoured to the Lost Hills Road exit and over to Agoura Road to head south on Las Virgenes."	1
"The sculpture of Lawrence J Nowlan has been featured in numerous publications."	0
"CIP has been bestowing awards to honour planning projects."	0
"The motor drives the blade using a belt rather than being directly connected like the portable models."	0
"Sewer covers are found in roads - sometimes sidewalks - and permit access to the sewer below."	0
"The symbol appears on the hilt of the katana."	0
"The main theme of the play is ambition and how it can destroy a courageous, trustworthy, noble man."	0
"The devastation caused by the earthquake-generated tsunami is seen on the south coast of Western Samoa."	1
"Scars from burns happen when the entire depth of the skin is destroyed by heat."	1
"I got scrambled eggs, a biscuit, bacon and a mess of grits."	0
"In 1950 the factory began to manufacture banduras, initially using the construction plans of Chernihiv bandura maker."	0
"The 400 V power supply (unstabilized) was derived from a conventional power-pack with n-filter."	0
"To that end, the coalition has established some local recreational activities, including Laser Tag and paintball."	1
"We noted the tail of the shark curved to its left side (away from the camera) and moving to its right side (towards the camera)."	0
"A skein of greylag geese came directly over me and I killed one that dropped far out in the field."	0
"The fire drug was put inside of bamboo tubes and thrown in the fire to be ignited."	0
"Not only was the manna hidden in the golden pot, but this pot was hidden in the Ark."	0
"Following the abortive Italian campaign, Siberia Grenadiers and grenadier battalion of Aleksopol musketeers returned to Russia via the Black Sea in January 1806."	0
"The march's goal is to raise awareness of the crisis caused by the Israeli blockade and bring much needed humanitarian relief."	1
"He then escalated a quarrel with Austria and its German allies over the administration of these provinces into a war."	0
"Researchers have turned a mouse into a factory for human liver cells."	0
"He forgot the 9/11 style box cutter was hidden in the hollowed out book."	0
"The coal industry has been recycling the material into backfill and building materials such as cement."	0
"The proposed tax helped to push the candidate into the Senate race."	0
"Each of these contain many modules on different topics, such as apostrophes, silent letters, personal pronouns, spelling plurals, etc."	0
"Views and camera angles from the upper deck of the bus are good - but it can get wet."	0
"For more than five years after 9/11, a messenger bag coated with debris was sealed in a plastic trash bag."	0
"This close-up of the entrance shows the poor maintenance of the building."	0
"They were added to the photograph by an unknown hand after the picture had been circulating on the Internet for several years."	0
"He also used his speech to set out his belief that the country's "greatest challenge" was social breakdown."	0
"In the rainy season, the tap of the bucket shower is closed."	0
"The phonograph was developed from work done on the telegraph and on the telephone."	0
"16 HP onan engine blew oil into the air filter."	0
"Scientists are turning to music to put across their messages: whether informing the public or campaigning."	0
"A mechanic tightens the bolt with a spanner 0.25 m long."	0
"They are massive artworks that reveal a wide, all-encompassing view of a particular subject, often a landscape, military battle, or historical event."	0
"The truck carried homemade weapons, and the blast was caused by the mishandling of weapons."	1
"He has illegally carried guns into the bar."	0
"The top photo shows a worker with a poorly fitting dust mask."	0
"Six Flags' reorganization plan is supported by a steering committee of its secured creditors and led by investment firm Avenue Capital Management, which would take control of the company under the plan."	0
"Here are some photos from a few weeks ago when I came out of the subway and stumbled across an amazing sighting."	0
"He gave two candies to each child."	0
"Bread shortages and mounting poverty cause riots in nearby Paris."	1
"The monocarboxylate ion is derived from an acid selected from formic acid."	0
"However, after five years the water pump was stolen, leaving the villagers once again dependant on a pace of donkeys to ferry buckets of water to them from an old well."	0
"Thursday afternoon the staff from the University of Wisconsin-Madison near Lake Mendota felt a shake and heard a noise like a boom which was triggered by an ice quake."	1
"Indymedia is a collective of independent media organizations and hundreds of journalists offering grassroots, non-corporate coverage."	0
"The transcontinental railroad brought more settlers into the Southern regions."	0
"Products have fallen into disuse."	0
"The package was contained in a red belt bag that a security guard found outside One Burgundy Plaza at around 7 a.m."	0
"The technician rescheduled the installation to the next week."	0
"This is a collection of many of the best images from NASA's planetary exploration program."	0
"The study focuses on the personnel in three service stations in Finland that are part of Teboil's organisation."	0
"I entered text into several files one after the other."	0
"The Labour party has taken people further into bankruptcy."	0
"A man was hidden in the body of the turk itself."	0
"It is a rural community and the stories narrate family life on a smallholding in the farming world."	0
"This book is a collection of his lectures and papers that summarised his thoughts on the philosophy of science."	0
"Impressed by the strategic advantages of this fortress and its protection of the city on the slope beneath, King Vakhtang Gorgasali of Iberia decided to move his capital here from Mtskheta in 458."	0
"The generator creates electricity using much the same principle as the alternator on your car (depending on the turbine type)."	0
"Then the driver turned the car into a dark and narrow street and reduced his speed."	0
"The talk was about peacekeeping operations."	0
"They came flocking and honking into England like a sord of hungry mallards."	0
"Millers checked that the stones used for cereal grinding weren't overheating."	0
"The brotherhood of feudal aristocrats was itself a democracy and devolved later into democratic European states."	0
"An anthology of his poems entitled, Sundramaithry, has been translated into Malayalam by Dr. Dhanya Menon, and published in 2008."	0
"The kitchen was full of smoke."	0
"The pen was in the desk drawer."	0
"This makeshift scaffold 's platform is not 18" wide, nor does it have adequate guardrails, and the workers are not wearing fall protection."	0
"The Israeli media treated the event with a mixture of derision and pity."	0
"The Sino-U.S. joint statement takes the ties into a positive era."	0
"Chronic coughing from smoking increases the risk of developing a hernia."	1
"The ship leaked oil into Brisbane river."	0
"The delays are caused by local governments trying to wring more money out of the feder."	1
"Information about the foodborne illness caused by salmonella bacteria."	1
"An explanation of that conclusion was set out in appendix."	0
"The internal auditors are moved into specific pre-selected locations."	0
"The workpackage comprise of the following tasks: Task 2.1 Compilation of long term data sets."	0
"One cat pats another individual with its forepaw, keeping claws retracted."	0
"The boy inserted pepper into his little brother's toy."	0
"War and rural poverty cause mass migration of people and often simultaneous growth of informal development."	1
"Selecting the dry gourds according to their shape, the artisan carves the decorative motifs with a burin."	0
"The article narrates baseball player Terry Pendleton's experiences of several baseball matches."	0
"They found a suitcase with money in it and were driving to Denver to return it to the owner."	0
"To do this I drilled a small hole in one end of the broom stick, and ran a four inch piece of coat hanger through the hole."	0
"There are records from 1762 of Lord Bandon having a mews of hawks and a falconer at Ardfert Abbey in Kerry."	0
"Although the sack is as fish friendly as possible, we took great care when we retained the carp in a sack for such a long period of time."	0
"I'm close to taking a writing break myself - to mention the frustration from rejection, but I got the Rosetta Stone Spanish CD;s a couple of years ago, and they've taken a back-seat in the priority list - not much time with work and the hubby and kids."	1
"2 deposits have been put into my account."	0
"He spent that time slaughtering a young pig and carefully catching all its blood in a ewer."	0
"Parties appear by telephone when circumstances prevent their appearance in person."	0
"Congress workers play with colours while celebrating party's win in the Assembly elections of three states at party office in Kolkata on Thursday."	0
"When the force was generated via the joystick, the reproduced force matched the original force much more accurately."	1
"The company is migrating into profitable new segments."	0
"Chimpanzees make love rather like humans do, but they do not usually run the risk of contracting syphilis."	0
"Within each fuel tank, the fuel was inside a teflon bladder."	0
"The endocrine system is composed of a number of glands."	0
"In Sri Lanka, the tsunami resulted in 31187 deaths, 4280 missing people, 23189 injured people, and the displacement of 545715 people."	1
"The box of jungle oats were in a box and sealed with wax."	0
"The machine implant converts sounds into electrical signals."	0
"The chicken egg came from a different species."	0
"Their parental responsibilities are handed over into another's care."	0
"In a recent emendation, formation of parties on religious basis has been strictly prohibited in Egypt."	0
"There are bedrooms, dining rooms and sitting rooms in the cottage."	0
"The genteel tranquility of Victorian England is shattered by the arrival of an invasion force from the red planet."	0
"The letter contains instructions for completion, and encloses a blank copy of the Assurance of Compliance."	0
"He began to chat with him in ignorance of the news."	0
"A nunt is a pastry originating from Jewish cuisine and vaguely resembles nougat."	0
"The boat departs from the port of Thap Lamu near the resort town of Khao Lak"	0
"Horseshoes are made by blacksmiths and blacksmithing is considered a very lucky trade."	0
"We have delivered containers to retail stores for excess of inventory."	0
"This item is already shipped to the customer."	0
"A cooper makes leak proof wooden barrels, tubs, and pails."	0
"Mothers were the single largest group to donate their kidneys."	0
"The current study has proved that humans send pollution into the stratosphere."	0
"The example from the book is building a GWT based Todo List with different categories, something which is actually quite handy to have."	0
"It was he who uncovered the Honours of Scotland (the crown jewels) in a locked room in the bowels of the castle, where they had been placed in 1707."	0
"The aircraft departed from Boston's airport shortly after 8:00 AM and was overtaken by a team of terrorists."	0
"She invested all her retirement fund into this business."	0
"I have found that I have extremely sensitive skin and most cleaners cause rash or a burning sensation if it has contact with my skin."	1
"Soon after, the ship departed to the next destination."	0
"A user inputs spatio-temporal information intuitively by using gestures."	0
"To oversimplify, in a village the potter makes a pot for the brewer and the brewer compensates the potter by giving him a certain amount of beer."	0
"Dry air, dust and wind dry out the nose and throat and cause nosebleeds, coughing, wheezing, and other short-term respiratory problems."	1
"And for brunch, we had the cast iron pan ($20) as well as the banana pancakes with redcurrent syrup and caramelized bananas and walnuts ($13)."	0
"We were arriving after the train had left the station."	0
"My husband returned a $275 cashmere sweater to Jos."	0
"That brew was in a bottle and did not quite measure up to the Altbier, perhaps because it was served ice cold, but was still worth trying."	0
"I only put enough water in a kettle for just a single small cup of tea."	0
"The title has been won by an American lady, Lee Redmond, who has been growing her finger nails since the last 27 years."	0
"We store the glue in a cool place."	0
"This is a clear and concise guide to the work of one of the twentieth century's most influential thinkers."	0
"Wintry conditions are spreading into adjacent areas."	0
"We have poured cement into 3 inch forms."	0
"Demand for palm oil, a vegetable oil present in many of the goods we buy, is contributing to the destruction of the world's most precious rainforest."	0
"Depression is among the top 10 causes of suicide both among doctors as well as nursing professionals."	1
"Douglas was giving a speech addressing the harmful practices of the Army Corps of Engineers."	0
"In addition, we also build a meaningful cadre of various musicians who help us produce music on an on-going basis."	0
"The grenade ricochets off the wall and into the advancing battalion of swordsmen."	0
"The fortress has four towers corresponding to the cardinal points."	0
"Three pages from an autograph manuscript of Hamlet were found wadded in a tankard near the former site of a Stratford tavern."	0
"This figure illustrates typical results of various operating parameters during these studies."	0
"The aquarium wall was truly the best part of the experience here."	0
"The release notes give details of the technical changes."	0
"The evidence was sufficient to authorize a rational trier of fact to conclude beyond a reasonable doubt that appellant had killed the victim with malice."	0
"Scientists in Cambridge have discovered that a lowly grape variety grown by peasants - but despised by noblemen - during the Middle Ages was the mother of many of today's greatest grape varieties."	0
"The Italian manager has drawn up a list of potential targets to reinforce his depleted defensive options."	0
"This theme has been covered in science fiction like Star Trek."	0
"The film asserts the astonishingly intricate tenacity with which class is intimately mingled with Severine's sense of identity."	0
"I've been tempted to buy the cane sugar version for ages, but the shipping cost always stopped me."	0
"Since leaving the Bay Area for Brooklyn in 1999, the violinist has constructed a mind-bogglingly disparate body of work."	0
"The shot caused a wound on the left side of the neck which bled profusely."	1
"Wilderness tour guides often maintain a pace of asses to carry the equipment necessary for camping."	0
"The method comprises the steps of heating a laminated sheet, and vacuum forming the heated sheet in the first vacuum mould component."	0
"This bug flew into my garage."	0
"The poor family went away from the village."	0
"This small photographic exhibition studies the linear qualities present through natural and man-created subjects."	0
"In ancient Egypt, the people in that civilization depilated their bodies to prevent infestation of fleas and lice."	0
"This unified theory was governed by the exchange of four particles: the photon for electromagnetic interactions, a neutral Z particle and two charged W particles for weak interaction."	0
"Corporate India is in shock after a mob of workers bludgeoned to death the chief executive who sacked them from a factory in a suburb of Delhi."	0
"His tenure was marked by absolute discipline among the staff of the hospital."	0
"The brush and the roller are the tools most readily associated with the painter."	0
"Our company has landed into serious trouble with its London network since the summer."	0
"The man completed a full lap before being stopped by guards, but he never interfered with Shorter."	0
"Hitchcock drew on a 20-year-old novel by the future governor-general of Canada, John Buchan."	0
"This SNES controller has a flash drive loaded with ROMs inside."	0
"But scientists successfully treated the mice with broad-spectrum antiboitics."	0
"Acne is caused by hormonal imbalance within the body, but there are many other contributing factors to acne outbreaks."	1
"More particularly, the invention is a sealless pump that employs a magnetic coupling to drive the impeller."	0
"The flights are departing into the adjacent controlled airspace."	0
"The classroom discussion made this concept clear to the candidates."	0
"The probe was generated from an amplified DNA fragment, using pRD136 as the template."	0
"Gordon Ramsay's flagship restaurant has fallen out of an influential list of the top 50 restaurants in the world."	0
"The government established an independent agency which is to boost quality in higher education."	0
"They shop there for a huge selection of furniture and table legs, carved and turned furniture legs and feet, wood turnings and more."	0
"Halfway into the flight to LA, a passenger took a photograph and the icy blue flash from the camera bounced momentarily across the dimly lit cabin."	0
"The ultimate mystery is the source of the energy itself."	0
"A teacher explores the various reactions and ideas by using literature."	0
"The ligature assists the performer in seeking a more responsive and free playing style."	0
"Colourmovie is a design driven creative studio specializing in motion design, animation, brand identity, and live-action production."	0
"Tree roots also take nutrients and chemicals out of the soil and use them to produce what they need for the tree's growth, development, and repair."	0
"The same stone mason who did the stonework of the first mill dam put up the walls."	0
"A company is able to determine a range of restrictions for the selection of the perspective countries by using benchmarking."	0
"Professionals from streams like law, engineering, agriculture also have opening in the management cadre of various banks."	0
"Mozart's piano concertos are the composer's finest instrumental works."	0
"This bright yellow, lightweight shovel is a favourite of our adventurous little gardeners."	0
"A Spanish man built a homemade submersible to carry cocaine."	0
"Friends and family of inpatients at various hospitals and health care facilities are now able to send well wishes via email."	0
"It is a certificate, declaring sales tax exemption, presented to a vendor when making a purchase for the agency."	0
"The inflammation causes pain in the joint."	1
"The title of the book gives you a sense of its breadth and scope."	0
"All items have been shipped out to the customer."	0
"Much of his early teaching experience involves telling anecdotes about his childhood in Ireland."	0
"Helped by donations, the association has assembled 1,000 free kits, which include water, flashlights, battery-operated radios, spare batteries, an emergency preparedness booklet and emergency window placards."	0
"As with grapefruit, the white membrane under the skin of the orange contains more vitamin C than the flesh and a lot of the pectin fiber."	0
"A student who fell from a seventh floor balcony in Mexico and had been in a coma for several weeks returns to the UK."	0
"When a property is the source of a data binding expression, Flex automatically copies the value of the source property to any destination property."	0
"The breaking news from the article was that the first recorded use of the word gongoozler took place in the late 1800s in the book Narrow Boat by T.C. Rolt."	0
"Original mammography films are being delivered to viewers."	0
"The forebrain is the largest part of the brain, most of which is made up of the cerebrum cerebrum."	0
"He pulled back the stick gently until the plane lifted from the runway."	0
"A bomb was found put inside a broken freezer which was set to be a table for sellers inside Al-Khalis city."	0
"We have a paddling of Muscovy ducks that hang by our door, this day the younger one was fighting the dominant male."	0
"The accused beat up the other kids who resultantly ran away from the place."	0
"After the freighter was full of Colombian dope, it was transferred on the ocean to a handful of medium-sized boats and eventually to smaller craft that blended in with recreation boaters for the trip to American soil."	0
"The impact of the floating body effect on noise is investigated in this work for the first time."	0
"The major phytochemical constitutes of the plant are elephantopin, triterpenes, stigmasterol epifriedelinol and lupeol."	0
"Once upon a pond, there lived a froggery of Muppet frogs and their leader, Kermit the Frog."	0
"The polluted water has been poured into a local river."	0
"The evangelist blasts the patrons with the news that they're going to hell, if they don't come to his meeting and get saved."	0
"Genetic disorders are caused by the mutation of a gene."	1
"The woman placed the baby in a plastic bio-hazard bag and threw it out."	0
"In Dutch camping culture empty beer cases are saved and stacked up into a wall by youths."	0
"A lonely teacher finds a friend with the help of an umbrella."	0
"And so this book involves the reader in a true educational process which is also fun."	0
"Power is generated by an electrochemical reaction of hydrogen and oxygen that yields as its by-product only heat and H2O."	1
"The GAA's Central Council passed a number of motions regarding discipline at a special meeting on Saturday."	0
"The hero enters into the building."	0
"The money to buy the properties was coming from his own pocket and it was risky for him."	0
"The dynamite used in blasting for the South Island Line had been stored at a depot in Chung Hom Shan, near Stanley."	0
"The big fish has been pushed into the deeper sea."	0
"This player has moved to the next round."	0
"The effect is a series of poems relating a story of one man's journey to find happiness."	0
"The license is issued from the new state after verifying the particulars of the applicant license from the original issuing state."	0
"By now, our early radio wave is travelling into outer space."	0
"Within a matter of months, Tavi Gevinson, the author of a blog called Style Rookie, was feted by designers."	0
"The three valves of the trumpet add lengths of tubing to the instrument to lower the pitch."	0
"The list was generated from an open call for nominations and prioritized based on factors including the age of the structure."	0
"Doctor saves boy with a drill."	0
"The flux sensor moves a half circle around the filament in order to measure the spatial directivity of each heater."	0
"Nonetheless, people in the film industry were sounding alarm bells by the end of the year."	0
"My equipment was built in another country."	0
"Most of the hairstyles from past days of Hollywood glory have unique features that are set in place."	0
"A bed of ancient lava seemed to mark the commencement of the eruption from the craters of the great chain of the Andes."	0
"A little girl finds a lost shoe with the help of her imaginary dinosaur companion."	0
"The soldiers moved into the newest post."	0
"Their ancestors reached the island using bamboo rafts."	0
"It is the only journal dedicated to veterinary imaging."	0
"A computer program called Trakl'Bigi generates poems in the style of the expressionist poet Georg Trakl."	0
"The foundry's main business is the manufacture of church bells and their fittings and accessories."	0
"U.S. astronauts took weapons into space with them."	0
"The loaded shotgun disappears from the seat of the truck after the fights in the casino."	0
"The storm is generated by an upwelling of warmer air, similar to a terrestrial thunderhead."	1
"The film uses flashbacks as a device to tell the story, which was based on a 1947 novel by David Goodis."	0
"These documents survey the literature and recommend limits for worker exposure to hazards."	0
"This is the eye of the bull in the constellation Taurus."	0
"Shampoos work by using acid to remove hard water scale."	0
"The base of the clock was constructed from standard LEGOs, encasing two mindstorm servo motors."	0
"The word 'Latin' originates from an ancient race called the Lats."	0
"For 20 years the magazine has been dedicated to American old-time music."	0
"There is in fact a socialist party in America and there are real socialists."	0
"Explaining the mysterious term barley wine, the authors share their secrets of how to brew this challenging high-alcohol, hoppy, sweet ale that is every brewer's crowning achievement."	0
"The world was enclosed in an egg before creation."	0
"He wrote an article, that pointed out factual problems in the work of New York Times columnist and author David Brooks."	0
"It included elements from Latin literature and Arab-influenced Spain and North Africa."	0
"The English title is derived from a quip in the story, and works well enough."	0
"I am at my happiest when I am in a smoke-filled, crowded bar with the riffraff of savages I call my friends, our voices raised, our faces flushed, our speech slurred, as we strumble from one poorly constructed argument to the next half-baked bagful of lies (to quote Michael Jackson)."	0
"The work was such a popular success that the poet wrote a sequel."	0
"The annual residence league of various sport codes, the Mini Olympics held during the September break has proven very popular amongst our students."	0
"It was in this period that the new religion spread into the empire."	0
"There was a pair of odd looking 12" three ways I built for a friend, the woofers were in a box screwed to the back of 4 foot high raindrop-shaped panels which housed the midranges and tweeters."	0
"Light blue shows the additional extent of an extreme flood from rivers or the sea."	1
"The teacher always assigned students to groups."	0
"From the outset, the TV reporters started talking about two disasters: the natural disaster which was caused by the hurricane and the man-made disaster which happened in New Orleans, the blame for which was laid at the hands of George Bush."	1
"The products of business entity within the export processing zone are shipped to non-bonded areas."	0
"The poison was in a bottle of pricey wine."	0
"So, in the night, when the men in the fort were asleep, White Fang applied his teeth to the stick that held him."	0
"The company has assembled a portfolio of precious and base metal exploration prospects in Ontario, Saskatchewan, and the North West Territories."	0
"Rather, the avenger killed the victim with a rifle, often from a secure hiding place or in ambush."	0
"Another manuscript introduced justice in terms of contractual justice."	0
"Members of the Bletchley team went on to build the first post-war computers in the UK, at Manchester and Cambridge."	0
"Within a little over a month from inception, schedules had to be expanded from 41 daily trips to 97 in an effort to meet the crush of passengers."	0
"It serves only the self-serving purposes of the political parties; it provides them a faithful horde of believers."	0
"Hundreds of bomb have been dropped into the target region."	0
"The Galileoscope is named after the Italian astronomer, who first observed the heavens through a telescope 400 years ago."	0
"The methods of almost all procedures were extensively described in an earlier publication."	0
"There was a man with shovel and hoe."	0
"By the time of the inquest of 1106 the dignity of the canons and their enjoyment of 'all... free honourable customs' in their lands and houses is clear."	0
"Iraqi air force pilots took flight into history."	0
"Another reason for the impression of energy and optimism caused by many posters is their very nature as images of propaganda."	1
"The course studies in depth the complex interaction between issues of conflict, security and development."	0
"She left the engine running because the car was full of snakes used in her exotic routine."	0
"The soft-spoken, professorial chef spoke with knife in hand passionately about why he's been drawn to Thai cooking for twenty-five years."	0
"The Prince (Italian: Il Principe) is a political treatise by an Italian public servant and political theorist."	0
"The communion of saints (in Latin, communio sanctorum) is the spiritual union of all Christians living and the dead, those on earth, in heaven and, in Catholic belief, in purgatory."	0
"A certificated security for which the certificate has been surrendered to the issuer is reached by a creditor by legal process upon the issuer."	0
"Steroid Nation (TM) is an online journal looking at the use of anabolic steroids in sports, youth, and society."	0
"Timoshenko commented its laughter after the joke of Putin about Yushchenko and Of."	1
"His efforts have been invested into this main objective."	0
"He was distressed and smeared in dust and held a bottle full of blood in his hands."	0
"The explosion caused a crater on the ground and destroyed several stalls."	1
"The video then shows the damage caused by the aircraft as it hit the north tower, follows the disintegrating plane through the interior, and then shows the airplane metal, ignited fuel, dust and smoke exiting the building on the opposite side."	1
"The whole episode was documented on video and stills, but these have never come to light."	0
"The sound came from a wooden structure two hundred yards away."	0
"I crawled over to the edge of the building where there was still a fragment of wall and peered over, trying to see what was going on."	0
"The next two generations have departed into an uncertain future survival without Mother."	0
"The ornaments were blown into complicated, multi-piece molds."	0
"There are many different types of saw blades, each of which is designed for a particular cut."	0
"The album comes with rambling notes from Wolf detailing the ideas behind each song."	0
"A year later, in September 1941, he and a fellow prisoner dug a tunnel from an incinerator to a point beyond the perimeter."	0
"A vehicle accident with a utility pole cause a power outage."	1
"In this way he gathered materials for weekly epistles destined to enlighten some county town or some bench of rustic magistrates."	0
"Controversy and even heated debate with respect to the ethical issues involved has broken out in Germany and other parts of the world."	0
"An eyewitness account to a turning point in the Civil War, From the Pen of a She-Rebel chronicles not only a community's near destruction but also its endurance."	0
"A few weeks after we sent the Taylors our final report, a letter arrived from the headquarters of the Green Howards in England."	0
"A chain saw is one of those tools that can be described thusly: When you need one, nothing else will really do."	0
"The applicant graduated from an accredited school of dentistry."	0
"The garden also comprises large natural patches of renosterveld fynbos and succulent karoo vegetation."	0
"Colds and flu cause high fevers in babies and toddlers, but with the flu, the fever will last more than one or two days."	1
"My father is going into college at his old age."	0
"When you press and hold K1 Button for about 3 seconds, the green indicator of the headset flashes once every 3 seconds."	0
"Additionally, all hydrants and valves are pressure tested at the manufacturing facility."	0
"During the first documented outbreak of human infections with H5N1, which occurred in Hong Kong in 1997, the 18 human cases coincided with an outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza, caused by a virtually identical virus, in poultry farms and live markets."	1
"The popular soap has been moved to prime time."	0
"Wrinkles from laughing is a good sign of a healthy, happy life."	1
"Good vineyards, on the other hand, growing better and lower yielding varieties were owned and farmed under the supervision of the church or nobility."	0
"With grain spirits, the initial fermentation takes place after the starch that is naturally present is converted into sugar."	0
"Figures show that the crisis is spreading into Israel's economy."	0
"The damage caused by the " W32/Sircam" computer virus is expanding in Japan."	1
"The map was locked in a safe in the clerk's office except when it was being viewed by someone in the presence of the clerk."	0
"Yesterday I put on my largest pants, those pants that were in a box slated to go to Goodwill."	0
"The scum rake mechanism consists of a rotating bridge with attached skimmers, which are suitable for an effective removal of scum of various consistencies, even of a light, creamy consistency."	0
"Earlier, a dray of terrified ground squirrels ran for their lives as flames raced their way."	0
"After that I mentioned that the reagent was in a bottle packed with vermiculite as a filler between the carton & the bottle."	0
"The illusion has been examined in a number of different psychological experiments, and suggested as a basis for other biases."	0
"Contemporary criticism commented on the weaknesses of the opera's characters and the storyline."	0
"The singer arrived to the outdoor stage for rehearsal."	0
"Baljinder Singh is still recovering in The Alfred hospital, a week after he was stabbed in the stomach with a screwdriver by two men as they robbed him of his wallet."	0
"The life of the kathoey kick boxer is related in the 2003 movie Beautiful Boxer."	0
"He has fear from darkness, ghosts, robbers & being alone, of thunder, in the crowd, of death, of disease, of evil, that something may happen."	1
"Unfortunately though, to the surprise of all present, the ship completely dissapeared from the harbour."	0
"The state was the source of capital, raw materials and labour."	0
"The word asphalt was derived from that term because of the lumps of gooey petroleum that were washed up on the lake shores from underwater seeps."	0
"The lord continues to demonstrate his faithfulness through the generous giving of His people."	0
"Several times a flock of wild ducks (Anas superciliosd) flew over, evidently making their way to the more open water- ways several miles west."	0
"Entrepreneur creates a debate over 'Amber Alert' kiosks."	0
"The award was bestowed to the organization."	0
"At 73 meters underwater, a petty officer reached the surface using his Drager apparatus."	0
"The roof of the building was equipped with two helicopter landing pads that became vital during the fire."	0
"The choice was recorded when the cow touched the training card with its nuzzle."	0
"What this type of memory does is it allows itself to sync with the CPU bus of the computer giving it the capability to run at higher clock speeds."	0
"This plan is the result of a focused analysis of crime and disorder over the last three years."	0
"This page is a guide to the floating world of cyberspace."	0
"One of the recurring themes of the book is the influence of religion in motivating and structuring Dutch emigration."	0
"The children, seated on their mother's laps, played with toys on a table in front of a picture with holes in it."	0
"The precipitate of DPA Na together with the filter is transferred to a bottle with cold water in it where it is dissolved by shaking."	0
"There is a short addition by the scribe which matches that on the Kirkham Priory copy, above."	0
"There were concrete blocks inside a caisson."	0
"She tried to find out what key on your keyboard fits your personalty."	0
"Officer Daniel testified that the methamphetamine was inside a glass container that was placed and sealed inside a "Winnie the Pooh" plastic container."	0
"Adler's belief in human teleology was a radical departure from the "cause-and-effect" determinism of science at the beginning of the 20th century."	0
"The bungalow was built inside a barn."	0
"Berserk is one title in recent memory which does an admirable job of throwing a veritable zoo of creeps, thugs, demons, monsters, and fetid creatures before the reader in each volume, inviting awe at the creativity and skill involved in conceiving of and executing such disgusting vermin."	0
"My apartment complex treated the yard with a poison to kill locusts."	0
"NASA is sending astronauts to an asteroid."	0
"To take the fragment of green material first, I found it caught in the bolt of the communicating door between that room and the adjoining one."	0
"The team has moved into fifth place in career scoring at ND."	0
"The exhibition displayed a historical view of video game development from early arcade games to the present."	0
"The object was inside a nylon bag, and the blasting caps were inside a plastic case."	0
"Such tools sped up the drug development process by years."	0
"It is a wonderful way to show off your prized china pieces in a handsome China hutch."	0
"It is unfortunate that the constitution was prepared by leaders of political parties and not legal experts."	0
"The musician also treated the wood with a preparation of borax in the manner of Stradivari."	0
"She was pouring the hot agarose into the casting tray."	0
"The team then sequenced the captured DNA with the GS FLX Titanium series chemistry."	0
"In a disturbing laboratory experiment in which a gun was hidden in a drawer, many boys found the weapon, played with it and even pulled the trigger without knowing whether it was loaded."	0
"The Vice President for Development is responsible to the president of the university for planning, coordinating and managing the gift procurement programs of the University."	0
"The students enforced it with violence."	0
"Much of the difference in the total damage caused by the Nisqually and the Northridge earthquakes can be attributed to the Nisqually earthquake's location."	1
"The train is going away from the photographer, pushing its cars to gain elevation."	0
"The fluids are enclosed in a vertical cylinder of aspect ratio and heated from below."	0
"The loading takes a couple of days and the ship sails from the port with the help of the local pilot who knows every inch of the area."	0
"Accidentally, one worker was locked in a refrigerator boxcar, and the rest of the workmen left the site."	0
"Like tofu, tempeh is made from soybeans, but tempeh is a whole soybean product with different nutritional characteristics and textural qualities."	0
"Godfrey and I, caught up in the whirl of insects, had become part of the forest, too."	0
"Whatever the case, we have added tessellate into our favorite songs."	0
"Surveys were completed by respondents using a variety of browser software programs, each configured differently with different displays."	0
"Breast abscess is caused by infection of the engorged glandular system of the breasts."	1
"The study assessed the effectiveness of the world's fisheries management regimes using evaluations by nearly 1200 fisheries experts."	0
"The act promotes efficiency through limitation of the copyright owner's available monetary damages."	0
"As soon as the ceremony is done, the couple holds a bottle with love testimony in it and puts it into the ocean."	0
"Grace did as she was told as Adele poured flour into the liquid mixture."	0
"I found, moreover, a body of trained and earnest school workers, whose wealth of experience, professional spirit, and loyal support of the new organization gave ample assurance of advancement in all departments of public school work."	0
"The fat and cholesterol cause heart disease; the animal protein causes cancer."	1
"Other early organisms have released barium into sulphate depleted pore-waters."	0
"High fees charged by senior lawyers became a point of discussion at the Apex Court hearing the Ambani brothers' gas row."	0
"The country has resumed manufacturing of components and assembly of centrifuge machines under IAEA supervision."	0
"The preforms were blown into the bottles."	0
"One plant was sealed in a flask as described."	0
"The acetoin was first distilled from the filtrate and subsequently oxidized to biacetyl."	0
"It has taken time and effort to get the metal out of the ground."	0
"The pillars of the ruins of Persepolis are famous and an example of the glories of Iran during the reign of the Darius emperors."	0
"You reassigned them after making a change in the registry through the administrative console or by using wsadmin scriptin."	0
"This humorous fable illustrates the progress of education and gives valuable insights into how it could continue to develop in the decades to come."	0
"One of the best resources for programmers is the excellent (and free) book Small Memory by Charles Weir and James Noble."	0
"Karzai brought more technocrats into his government."	0
"The basin has sunk into a deep depression."	0
"The designer made up these sets for us from leftover fabirc."	0
"This notification declares the names of plants, plant pests or carriers that are considered to be prohibited."	0
"In the following essay, Allen discusses Flannery O'Connor's use of animal imagery to depict her notion of the world as a zoo of misfits in her novel Wise Blood."	0
"The researcher started the interview with a question on relationships and their relation to staff retention in an acute perioperative environment."	0
"A student relaxes with a book in a Cambridge park."	0
"The engine revved a bit in the lower gears, but was adjusted immediately by the guy with a knob."	0
"Overcome with hunger, the fox tore into the carcass with a fury, sending feathers scattering every which way."	0
"It's a powerful personal work by a man who still thinks for himself in an era of fear, conformity, and dehumanization."	0
"In this poem the poet personifies his city during the last years in which he was able to live there."	0
"Later on that same day, an electrical short at the Farragut North station caused a fire on the tracks which shut down service three times over the course of the day."	1
"That first batch of forgeries was in a suitcase and the two gentlemen that disappeared in the night were both Japanese."	0
"Rachael, Katie and Chloe enjoy the wriggle of worms from the worm farms they built on an excursion to Jells Park in Glen Waverley."	0
"The exotic species are imported into the country illegally."	0
"The gist of his message was that the religious social structure was in crisis and should be saved."	0
"Just the thought of the delicate flavours of rose and vanilla, combined with a slightly tart raspberry jelly was enough to get me running through the larder in search of the necessary ingredients."	0
"The events at the trial caused the dissolution of the Communist League, and a general dampening of revolutionary activity."	1
"The bat moves its wings like we move our fingers."	0
"This exhibition looks at the dynamic connections that occurred from the mid-1960s to the mid-1970s with a display of early media works presented alongside related drawings, prints, and photographs."	0
"The contamination was caused by residues of the aromatic hydrocarbons."	1
"Asthma is a disease of the respiratory system, which causes swelling and narrowing of the airways."	1
"A month ago a request arrived from an American environmental consulting firm."	0
"This invertebrate builds armor from coconut halves."	0
"The exhibit features the winning designs in both the professional and student categories, as well as other outstanding entries."	0
"The disease most often starts in the palm of the hand at the base of the ring or small fingers."	0
"The purpose of this funding, a memo from the chairman of RJ Reynolds shows, was to "refute the criticisms against cigarettes"."	0
"My hand was resting on the arm of the chair."	0
"The ride starts at the large Bryce Canyon National Park boundary sign on Hwy 63."	0
"One design shows a farmer with a hoe and reads "Genuine Dirt Farmer Descendant"."	0
"The World Health Organization co-sponsored a meeting on avian influenza and human pandemic influenza."	0
"The air was pressed from his lungs; it felt like millions of electrodes were attached to his neural system."	0
"As Iran's press continues to digest the election results, conservative and reformist outlets condemn perceived US interference."	0
"The lyrics point toward sexual politics, and the lack of understanding between boys and girls."	0
"The incident was caused by the entry of high pressure gas from a deep formation that got confined in the porthole of the well."	1
"First found in Old Castile in the heart of Spain, where the name originated in Visigothic times."	0
"The imbalance caused a torque on the moon that acted to synchronize its rotation with its orbit, so that one side is always facing the earth."	1
"Pipe bombs have been thrown into two parked cars in Londonderry."	0
"No centralized timer exists, so the standard synchronizes all timers to the timer of the fastest-running clock in the BSS."	0
"Today Miguel Cotto is receiving a rain of offers to keep fighting."	0
"The Dean of the Faculty is the chief academic officer of the college and has primary responsibility for matters of academic policy that affect the Faculty and for the educational consequences of the academic budget."	0
"The robbers ran away from the scene as he drove away and called his employer to report the incident."	0
"The core of the city state, regarded as a trading entity, is a body of specialized traders engaged in external trade."	0
"The officer threw a prisoner into a cell."	0
"Those early studies were directed toward examining the spring vegetation green-up and subsequent summer and fall dry-down."	0
"A catfish, some fish that have spawned eggs and an anglerfish is all I can remember."	0
"In contrast, I first learned of Steve's existence through an observation by a clique of Bursley Dorm acquaintances I used to dine with that same year."	0
"Yet this signing statement issued by the president yesterday is the clearest signal yet that the administration wants to hold this option in reserve."	0
"With the help of its diaspora, China has won the race to be the world's factory."	0
"Synaesthesia literally means 'union of the senses' and is defined as the stimulation of one sensory modality by another (e.g., sound by vision)."	0
"Boston University biomedical engineers have devised a method for making future genome sequencing faster and cheaper."	0
"They leaked oil into the radiator."	0
"Other parameters were as described in the text."	0
"The medicine was given to the patient."	0
"This intermixed rookery of glossy ibis, herons, and egrets first established itself on Sheffield Island in 1961 with 28 nesting pairs."	0
"Almost suddenly, I was overcome with an uncontrollable fear which was triggered by the death of my friend."	1
"The operator moved the data into the text box from the database table column."	0
"My view of how the brain works is rooted in an evolutionary perspective that moves from the fact that our mental life reflects the actions of many."	1
"The singer demonstrates his sensitivity during the song by suggesting that he would bring flowers."	0
"212 vehicles were brought into this city under personal imports."	0
"Most of the discussion has been about the words he used."	0
"The waverider design was evolved from work done in the U.K. in the 1950's and early 1960's on winged atmosphere re-entry vehicles."	0
"The county replaces the mailbox with a standard metal mailbox acceptable for delivery of mail by the United States."	0
"Among the first to survey the devastation caused by the April earthquake, the team discusses what they observed and learned from the damaged buildings."	1
"Known by the medical field as tinea cruris, jock itch is a persistent reddish, flaky, and itchy rash in the groin and around the anus caused by a fungal imbalance on the skin."	1
"The hockey fans have gone into hiding."	0
"The chapters included in the book are the "core" of this fundamental handbook on heterogeneous catalysis."	0
"We have seen that many software patents covering well-known algorithms and techniques hinder the software industry in the United States of America and around the world."	0
"Lots of people were having picture taking sessions at the big patch of yellow flowers in Showa Kinen."	0
"The statue was inside a bamboo box."	0
"We observed that a box was actually placed inside the cornerstone with a variety of artifacts and documents commemorating the event and the history of Savannah."	0
"Many of the larger teeth in the back of your jaws have two or three roots."	0
"Each time a neuron unleashes its tiny jolt, it needs to replenish its stores of energy for the next spark."	1
"The cells inside a nested table are isolated from changes made to the outer table."	0
"We have thrown the balls into the basket."	0
"The same rule governs the use of the reversed and the monochrome versions of the logo."	0
"In particular, the 'historical inevitability' of a united proletariat of various nationalities was understood as a state interest."	0
"The teenage boys were dragged into the fighting at school."	0
"The eighth and finest album by this heady band from Baltimore revels in the joy of musical experimentation and sonic surprise."	0
"The dean of the faculty, Rajiv Vohra, is a senior member of the University's academic administration and is directly responsible for the recruitment, retention and development of University faculty, working closely with the dean of medicine and biological sciences, who has those responsibilities within the Division of Biology and Medicine."	0
"A man who tried to cool out his hyper cat by stuffing the animal into a boxlike homemade bong faces cruelty charges."	0
"Her split skirt was in a trunk of clothing that still hadn't arrived from Washington, but she looked forward to the freedom."	0
"Electricians start by reading maps - called blueprints - that show how electricity flows."	0
"El Salvador prison officials have detained a woman who was caught trying to smuggle a military grenade hidden inside a canister in her vagina during a jail visit."	0
"Eight yachts have arrived into the harbor."	0
"The thick slab of spiced ham was the best part of this year's new breakfast sandwich; the salty meat was griddled to a crisp, nut-brown sear, and it outshone the surrounding egg, cheese, and bun."	0
"Here are the amazing arrangements from this months demonstrator, fantastic, brilliant and stunning."	0
"Cavalry consisted of cuirassiers, dragoons and chevauxlegers."	0
"Donovan McNabb threw a 13-yard touchdown pass to Jason Avant, a hookup of two Chicago products, as the Philadelphia Eagles took a 10-0 lead over the Chicago Bears after one quarter Sunday night."	0
"A sewer cover showing the Mets and Yankees logos."	0
"The only escape I had now was in a bottle."	0
"New emails arrive into my mail box every 1 min; this includes a lot of spam."	0
"Take Me to the Edge is a British reality series investigating global rites of passage."	0
"The first native tea wares were those made in the early thirteenth century by the potter To-shiro at his kiln in Seto, Aichi prefecture."	0
"The drain was only half way through the bale wall, so when it stormed, the water poured right into the straw-bales."	0
"The show offers a constructive discussion of a hot-button topic with leading M&A experts."	0
"After 2000, his research has concerned environmental issues in South Africa."	0
"Collapsing commodity prices have pushed the farmer into poverty."	0
"The crocodile has a lump on his snout."	0
"Questions about Pullman's plans for new His Dark Materials' books reveal that the author has just finished a short book."	0
"The cough syrup was in a bottle on a shelf in the kitchen."	0
"I have inserted various cartridges into that old printer, but still the printer is not working."	0
"The Chicago museum dug a pit in front of the building and built a new display area for the Zephyr, where it could be displayed year-round."	0
"The United States has laws that limit magazine size, too."	0
"Tsunamis are caused by the sudden displacement of large volumes of water."	1
"Radial mixing processes have transported such material into outer disc regions."	0
"Scientists have revealed how environmental irritants such as air pollution and cigarette smoke which cause coughing in people."	1
"The accommodation comprises a newly redecorated office floor on the third floor."	0
"When I first arrived in Italy I was amazed to find that they sell wine in a carton."	0
"At one time, most of Europe's ammonia was produced from the Hydro plant at Vemork, via the electrolysis route."	0
"His speech was a summary of known problems."	0
"The blisters are caused by antibodies against desmogleins (Dsgs), which are glycoproteins present in the junctions between skin cells."	0
"Below is a code snippet for creating a timestamp from formatted date date."	0
"Jomini speaks of an entire division of pikemen at Reunion-sur-Oise, as the Re- volution rechristened Guise."	0
"Additional colors were screen printed and the book was enclosed in a mock alligator slipcase."	0
"During this transport, over about 10 kilometres, the Herschel spacecraft was placed inside the payload transport container."	0
"The photographer journeyed into America's heartland as a lone artist."	0
"Aretus fetched water from the house in a ewer that had a flower pattern on it."	0
"The pipeline that the gas leaked from belongs to Puyang company, and was constructed by Nanjing Sanye utility installment company."	0
"The recent decline has been caused by the environmentally-induced collapse of fish catches from the Black Sea."	1
"Policemen were seen breaking up a road block put up by fishermen."	0
"I'm 5ft10 and the jacket reaches about halfway down the fly of my jeans."	0
"Finally, next to the handle is the knob of the bat, a wider piece that keeps the bat from sliding out of a batter's hands."	0
"The athlete starts in the three-point stance, and explodes out 5 yards to his right."	0
"It is a free online resource documenting Pennsylvania political election results dating back to 1796."	0
"A former NHS worker revealed that understaffed maternity wards are sinking into chaos."	0
"One ounce of pure gold was sealed in a quartz tube and a section of 5-mm inside diameter quartz tube was sealed on the quartz-gold tube."	0
"This radar system contains two tower-shaped antennas shown in Figure 1, one is to transmit pulsed waves and the other is to receive reflected waves."	0
"I've been in Thanksgiving preparation mode since last week, and when I saw her post on homemade cranberry jelly, I knew I was going to try it."	0
"The second man, who struck him with a paving stone, was accordingly discharged."	0
"The world we live in is rooted in an infinite life."	0
"Chocolates, junk food, dirty skin, and stress cause acne."	1
"There were two wounds on the surface and one was the exit wound of the gunshot from the victim's left forearm."	0
"Part of the seam had been opened up and a roasting pan filled with wet spaghetti, cherry pie filling and jello was put inside."	0
"In 1792, the emperor issued a 29-point decree which appeared to tighten Qing control over Tibet."	0
"Put at its simplest, the injection molding machine contains a reservoir of hydraulic oil which is pumped by an electrically- driven pump at high pressure."	0
"The first box that arrived at Shirley Shupp's door was filled with braces to help with her arthritis."	0
"The most disturbing moment arrives five minutes from the end."	0
"I ended up going to the doctor, although it was just coughing from allergies."	1
"Three times (every 1200 years), the gods were distressed by the disturbance from human overpopulation."	1
"The furniture industry constitutes of one the most important sectors of the Polish economy."	0
"Four people died after their vehicle crashed into the support pillar of an overhead bridge in Cheras."	0
"The announcement of the game caused a stir on the web yesterday, with the Weekly Standard launching a protest campaign encouraging readers to e-mail Microsoft and T-Enterprise, the out-of-its-depth company that had hired actual Gitmo detainee Moazzam Begg as a consultant on the game."	1
"The fat and cholesterol cause heart disease; the animal protein causes cancer."	1
"The glow from the blacksmith's forge led civilization from the dark ages and brought humankind to the standard of living enjoyed today."	0
"UK-based Master of Malt stocks the finest straight wheat whisky."	0
"The queen deposits each egg in a cell prepared by the worker bees."	0
"I have put these images into my web page."	0
"He got an idea of the depth of the shear layer by observing the extent of the sideways turbulence at the stern of the boat."	0
"An investment firm co-founded by the head of the Obama administration's auto task force is under scrutiny in an investigation into what authorities allege was a pay-to-play scheme involving the New York state pension fund."	0
"Approximately three dozen bus lines operate from the port authority bus terminal located between Eighth and Ninth Avenues and 40th to 42nd Streets."	0
"The guard pushes the passports back with a chuckle and ignores them."	0
"The second gold electrode was pressed from the top onto the pellet by a screw in order to ensure optimum contact."	0
"In about 985 the Seljuk clan split off from the bulk of the Tokuz-Oghuz, a confederacy of nine clans long settled between the Aral and Caspian Seas, and set up camp on the right bank of the lower Syr Darya (Jaxartes), in the direction of Jend, near Kzyl Orda in present day south-central Kazakhstan where they were converted to Islam."	0
"In Berlin, the communists threw up a wall of barbed wire and stone to block the exit of freedom-seeking Germans."	0
"Danger is part of the Palestinian journalist's daily routine."	0
"The Revealer is an online journal of media criticism related to the subject of religion in the press."	0
"We then placed the tube in a beaker of iodine water."	0
"This elite formation comprised of several regiments: Lifeguard dragoons, Lifeguard uhlans, Lifeguard hussars, and Lifeguard cossacks."	0
"Eco-Friendly tomatoes grown in a portable pail are moved inside and continue to produce delicious tomatoes even when summer is just a hearth-side."	0
"The guard did his job with a scowling look on his face."	0
"A method for computing the deformation of the crust caused by the filling of large lakes."	1
"I had been constipated for over 30 years, had significant sleep requirements (average 9+ hours a night), and had recurring headaches from fatigue and allergies."	1
"A constable of ravens is stationed at the Tower of London."	0
"Third, the user places his non-dominant index finger in the pin of the grenade while maintaining a firm grasp on the body of the grenade."	0
"Orion, a giant stellar nursery which has spawned roughly 20,000 low-mass stars like the sun in the last 10 million years, also harbors a handful of massive type O and B stars that emit blowtorch-like radiation."	0
"Social breakdown and poverty caused by civil war in several African countries has caused further increases in the rate of prostitution in those countries."	1
"Advanced XML Converter has a wizard driven interface for converting xml files into HTML, CSV, DBF and XLS formats with ease."	0
"The body was in a trunk of a vehicle."	0
"The technical terms are defined in the glossary section of this document."	0
"Instead of sounding self-centered, the remark came from a person who is confused and unaccustomed to anything but personal success."	0
"A congressman from the state of Texas, presented a bill regulating interstate commerce carried on railways."	0
"The opening lay just below the exit of the left subclavian artery from the arch."	0
"New York is a weekly magazine concerned with the life, culture, politics, and style of New York City."	0
"These are the walls of the Byzantine fortress that surrounds the Acropolis of Lindos on the Island of Rhodes."	0
"A model maker is a professional craftsperson who creates a 3-dimensional representation of a design or concept."	0
"As the initial drug-loading was increased, the drug release from the matrix was decreased."	0
"The Postmodernism Generator was written by Andrew C. Bulhak using the Dada Engine, a system for generating random text from recursive grammars."	0
"The queen was put inside her cage and then placed in the box with a bunch of worker bees four days ago."	0
"We accepted the claim that issued forth from the usual quarters."	0
"He places the bolt in the receiver so that it fits under the retaining rail as the bolt handle engages the groove in the bolt."	0
"The full press release from the studio is pasted at the bottom of this post."	0
"Since hunger and poverty cause violence and unrest, the solution must be found in other than military action."	1
"However, recent research demonstrates that most ulcers of the duodenum are caused by an infectious agent named Helicobacter pylori or H. pylori."	1
"The discipline of political science revolves around government, public policy and ethics, foreign politics, law and judicial process."	0
"The states are divided into smaller counties."	0
"My second question is regarding the sale of bones and hide of tigers going on in Delhi."	0
"All of the products grown by the defendant are grown either under glass or in special plots of ground."	0
"Thus, the fisherman bought his own boat in 1991, after renting one many years."	0
"To alleviate the inconvenience caused by the fence, the Cabinet approved a plan to construct 11 passages through the barrier to facilitate movement in and out of the city."	1
"The sound waves cause disorientation and nausea."	1
"The sweetcorn produced a massive box of earwig filled sweet cobs."	0
"A chocolate maker, on the other hand, is the person who physically creates the couverture from cacao beans and other ingredients."	0
"These images were found in a reliquary installed inside the Three-story Pagoda at the Monastic Site of Hwangboksa in Guhwang-dong, Gyeongju in 1942."	0
"This house has a super-sized garage, but I guess this is a super-sized house."	0
"Instead I again poured water into the hole and again water came dripping down in the place."	0
"The speech was about a conversation I had with my daughter."	0
"I already posted the product to your house last Friday."	0
"The Chaplain noticed one soldier looking at a a deck of cards."	0
"She had left her notebook out on the fire escape by accident."	0
"Mobil is now turning to fine art as a way of protecting some of its huge profits from inflation."	0
"Yesterday the team recycled 200kg of unwanted knitting wool into insulation."	0
"The strong winds blew snow into the snowdrifts."	0
"Training in the field is easily obtained in a furniture and cabinet maker diploma program."	0
"The little sparrows have flown into the wall."	0
"A city takes a stand against gang violence."	0
"The deputy commissioner is assisted by a number of officers belonging to Uttar Pradesh Civil Service and other Uttar Pradesh."	0
"The upheavals of the late 17th century initiated the decline of the wool industry, and records show that by 1750 only two firms were producing cloth."	0
"Other orders on environmental legislation and abortion issues were also under consideration."	0
"Here's the theory I wrote down the other night on the cocktail napkin I fished out of my purse just now."	0
"US researchers have found a gene responsible for turning a plate of pasta into fat, offering new clues."	0
"Strangely, today's help for the crown-jewels enthusiasts has arrived from an unexpected quarter."	0
"The area selected easily accommodated a pen that was 16 by 24 inches."	0
"My guns are locked in a safe and have trigger locks on them."	0
"A preface (pronounced "preffus") is an introduction to a book written by the author of the book."	0
"The clot later caused a seizure, leaving Nathan completely paralyzed on the right side of his body."	1
"In ionic conduction charge carriers are affected by the electromagnetic radiation from the microwaves by being attracted or repelled by the electric field."	1
"Dispenser models hold the brew in a heated tank; you fill your cup by pressing it against the dispenser lever."	0
"An orchard of ripe black cherries, blueberries and plums join together in seamless harmony."	0
"Sea turtles and sea lions use their front flippers to move forward."	0
"His sport was indifferent, for he brought down only a leash of red deer, and a couple of wolves."	0
"When she got home, the child, who was waiting for her, killed her with a rusty nail."	0
"We already know ignorance, heat, boredom, greed and poverty cause violence even in the U.S."	1
"At the Volvo Koping factory, seven robots make 17 components in 30 seconds."	0
"The ladder shield comprises a rigid yet slightly flexible shell of plastic which is sized and shaped to fit around the front and sides of the ladder so as to block access to the steps on the ladder."	0
"A filtered wheat beer, Sunshine offers a crisp, refreshing alternative to heavier-bodied heffe-weizens."	0
"Then he had Richard Weixler, one of radio's Quiz Kids, talk about the animals and for no apparent reason presented a couple of circus clowns."	0
"The wainwright worked by whittling or lathing pieces of wood into shapes necessary for end products, notably wagon wheels."	0
"The injured children were handed over to their relatives in Mannaar."	0
"The pendant with the bail measure 1 1/4"."	0
"The mainspring in the automatic winding watch is designed to prevent over winding (with continuation of automatic winding) when the spring is fully wound."	0
"In the years following, Detroit's population fell from a peak of roughly 1.8 million in 1950 to about half that number today."	0
"The data is derived from a transnational ethnographic study of Dominicans who have been deported from the United States."	0
"The ring unleashes its own power in the struggle."	0
"The poem consists of short verses reflecting on nature and travel through the landscape."	0
"The struggle with the door and the oiler caused a disturbance on the ship."	1
"The computer company is running into density scaling problems."	0
"Plaintiffs seek compensatory damages for personal injuries, property damage, emotional distress, and expenses resulting from the evacuation after the explosion."	1
"Arriving home from this concert, I found an e-mail message from a musician friend."	0
"The trio lit the blaze in a reserve behind Combine Street about 6.40pm and ran off."	0
"He was releasing information into the public domain without understanding what that was."	0
"Sometime shortly before the murder, a woman came to Verloo's apartment and put a drug identified as Clophelinum into his alcohol drink."	0
"Fish without the pyloric ceca have digestive enzyme production in the liver and pancreas."	0
"The industry only reports incidents that have resulted in serious physical injuries, and reporting is left up to the cruise line with no oversight."	1
"This time, though, they left the fire unattended and the wind caused nearby leaves to catch fire, spreading 14 feet to the building."	1
"At birth, the patient has bilateral supernumerary nostrils, which were situated above the normal nostrils and opened into the ipsilateral nasal cavities."	0
"The Day the Earth Stood Still envisions the arrival of a wise and high-minded visitor from the stars."	0
"Politicians are discovering Sufi teachings as a means against religious extremism."	0
"The vehicle's name was leaked in a Financial Times article published on August 31, and this evening, several photos and more information about the concept were published online."	0
"The kids are blowing bubbles into the air."	0
"I just looked at how people in fact protected even the thugs from mob behaviour today in Tehran."	0
"He posted his gifts to a military base in Middle East Asia."	0
"The complication arose from the light irradiation."	1
"The ends sought by education are to train the mind into the habit of clear and accurate thinking, to accumulate a body of useful and necessary knowledge, and to acquire correct habits of conduct and behavior."	0
"He also provides the news that the 300-year old tradition of paying by cheque is on the way out."	0
"Since the chops were brown, the chef drained the drippings into the sauerkraut."	0
"Along the way the women developed a distinctive style, noted for its lively improvisations and geometric simplicity."	0
"In many languages, other than English, the word is derived from a Germanic term akin to "backboard", from the same roots as English "back" and "board"."	0
"Bradis Produce is a full-time farming operation raising fresh produce, greenhouse flowers, and grain."	0
"Hiring in a down economy with the help of some beers proved successful."	0
"The bombing resulted in the deaths of 1318 in Hanoi."	1
"The ideal candidate has graduated from an approved program in Radiography."	0
"We double-checked that a maximum of 80 larvae were placed inside each vial."	0
"Everyone cheers as a dule of white doves take flight."	0
"The machine filters the hot oil through long lasting (12 months) polymer filters."	0
"The error was caused by the illegal embedded code tags."	1
"Both novels tackle with political questions in a direct manner."	0
"Liver plays key role in how steroids cause diabetes and hypertension."	1
"The name was leaked in chatrooms as people gave clues as to who it is and some also said his name."	0
"State police are investigating the discovery of a human skull in a black cauldron in a wooded area in Conowingo."	0
"Anti-crime rap is sent to mobiles."	0
"Cross-network instant messenger service, Meebo, has added games into chatting."	0
"The movie is a nice escape, taking viewers into a self-contained universe of costumed heroes and exotic settings."	0
"A small ceramic figurine of a baby was hidden in the cake."	0
"The Nitrogen coolant was contained in a 6 litre bottle in the Navy LAU-7 launcher, and provided for 2.5 hrs of seeker cool down."	0
"The poet Essex Hemphill conquered sorrow after the loss of a friend by taking up the cause of that friend."	1
"The DS Criminal Investigative Division conducts criminal investigations into violations of passport and visa fraud."	0
"The winds are caused by moisture, originating off the Pacific coast, cooling as they climb the western slopes, and then rapidly warming as they drop down the eastern side of the mountains."	1
"The left sleeve of this sweater is clearly rolled back, and the sweater is hanging off her left shoulder."	0
"The drag caused by the Earth's atmosphere works against a rocket or a water molecule."	1
"Endometriosis is the cause of pelvic pain (dysmenorrhea, dyspareunia) and infertility in more than 35% of women of reproductive age."	1
"Most of the flooding has been caused by the clogging of drains."	1
"The food is an illegally imported product of animal origin."	0
"The dips are caused by the thermal diffuse of y-rays which is reflected secondarily by the net planes in the same crystal."	1
"The JNC also is currently accepting applications for the vacancy created by the retirement of Judge Edwin B. Browning, Jr."	1
"The beginning of the BBC's wartime role is also explored through documents and photographs dating back to 1935."	0
"A multiple goal model structure is formulated for a garment factory based on the objectives of the company including minimisation of lateness."	0
"Sequence analysis showed that the fragment was generated from an intron-containing thymosin B15 gene."	0
"The evening's performance was a great production by a first-class company - and not expensive."	1
"The survey further refers to a 'game of conies,' and a lodge and coney warren, in the tenure of Richard Hopgood by lease from Richard Gifford."	0
"At the public inquiry into the disaster firefighters described the horror that faced them when they arrived at the scene of the Paddington rail crash."	0
"The sections of the book pertaining to quantitative methods are written clearly and contain more detail than usually is found in similar books."	0
"The members of committee of the program are formed by the chairman of the college and the chairman of each department."	0
"Cutlery in a wallet is a cutlery concept designed to facilitate outdoor eating."	0
"In fact, the only clothes she could fit into were her maternity dresses from twenty-five years ago."	0
"Touch the tip of the brush on the paper and turn it to the opposite direction, the left a bit, as you begin writing."	0
"This book chapter provides pluralistic yet concise introduction to the doctrine and theory of employment discrimination law."	0
"And they learned that Lenin was the leader of that organization."	0
"It is text at the top of a newspaper article indicating the nature of the article below it."	0
"Fuller's is a brewer of distinguished, prize-winning British ales crafted with over 150 years of pride and tradition."	0
"They went into a big walk-in closet where there was a suitcase with another locked suitcase in it."	0
"The rabbits are unhappy when left alone in a hutch in the garden, as they need company."	0
"With Gary Versace on piano, Gary Hobbs on drums, and Chuck Bergeron on bass, the trio performs with a wide range of artists and ensembles."	0
"The cabinet encloses a 6 1/2 inch cone woofer, 4 inch cone midrange, and a 7/8 inch balanced dome tweeter."	0
"In a further embodiment the polynucleotide is derived from an angiosperm species."	0
"Instead, their compilation was governed by didactic considerations."	0
"The first couple of weeks at Palm have been a whirlwind."	0
"These observations determine the high spatial resolution stellar kinematics within the nuclei of these galaxies."	0
"My ancient array of pens in a tankard works every time."	0
"The book has made a significant contribution to the study of fashion buying and merchandising in a UK context."	0
"Okay, after a discussion with my husband we have decided to work on the emergency fund first."	0
"It is a method discovered by a Japanese scholar, Mikao Usui, around 1890."	0
"References to the hearing transcript are denoted by volume and page numbers."	0
"Skydivers are dropped into the island."	0
"The difference both for show and for use is as great as the difference between a lump of golden ore and a rouleau of sovereigns fresh from the mint."	0
"Personal stories were shared and events on the islands were documented through the islanders' blogs."	0
"This is the "best time of day for painters to capture the 'inner state' of a landscape"."	0
"An egg is a round or oval cell laid by the female of any number of different species."	0
"For a sit-down snack the cook bakes the batter in a mini-muffin pan and serves the smaller version muffins with a lemon cream on the side."	0
"Seacrest students donated uniforms to Shadowlawn students."	0
"Taking time for introductions and a brief tour of the building helps the pre-service teacher feel part of the school and aids the important transition from college student. Include the pre-service teacher on staff mailing list and in staff workshops and social functions."	0
"Now we deliver all products to overseas."	0
"Brandy is distilled from fermented fruit juices."	0
"The director shot some additional footage."	0
"This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network."	0
"Demerol is in a group of drugs called narcotic pain relievers."	0
"A new module has been imported into the Mozilla browser."	0
"The metro line begins at an underground station in St. Stephen's Green in the city centre."	0
"It has several chalet to stay over night and the boat leaves from the port twice a day: 10:00 am and 17:00 pm."	0
"The fermenting musts were plunged twice per day and the wine was pressed from the skins at a TSS level of 3.6 Brix."	0
"Two of the incidents resulted in fatal CO poisonings (COHb levels of 55% and 49% )."	1
"An unidentified substance was found in a letter."	0
"The money was handed over into notarial custody for the purpose of securing an obligation."	0
"These philosophical issues have been addressed by myth, fiction and philosophy since antiquity."	0
"The manufacturer assembles the order using parts supplied by his preferred supplier, and ships the order to the retailer."	0
"The three themes for the conference were pluralism, sustainability and innovation."	0
"The lioness drank the poisoned water out of grief for the loss of her daughter."	0
"The data is still preliminary and comes with the caveats outlined in Mark's original e-mail."	0
"On 23 April 1945, the hunter-killer group, operating as a combined force against a large wolfpack of U-boats, spotted a partially submerged submarine but could not locate it after it dived."	0
"A woman has been placed into the house as well."	0
"The group dug into the ground with their ceremonial shovels."	0
"In this excellent fourth Sunny Randall PI tale (after Shrink Rap), is shown how sadness leads to murder."	1
"She was looking beautiful in the dim light that emanated from my broken table-lamp."	1
"Husseys sent their key players to the stadium for the decisive game."	0
"The sample was pressed from powder into a platelet with about 10 mm thickness, which was cut into a rectangle and put on the platinum leads."	0
"Eventually, the player descends into a maze of catacombs and a "fake Y2"."	0
"More weapons are being delivered to the French navy."	0
"And from the slope of the line we compute the amount of time which has passed since the pool of matter became separated into individual objects."	0
"Then there's a bloat of hippopotamuses, which is really quite insulting to full-figured hippopotami, who can look quite nice if they put flowers in their ears and become (old joke alert) hippypotamuses."	0
"A squirrel popped out of a woman's shirt when she was interviewed."	0
"It was windy and cold yesterday and there is still some remnants of snow left from early yesterdays storm."	0
"After seating all the idols, which itself takes hours, the traditional king sweeps the chariot with a golden broom."	0
"The minister attributed the slow production of the materials by the local industries to their limited capacities."	0
"The umbrella frame is provided with a movable yoke at the upper end and a stationary yoke at an intermediate point."	0
"Manos: The Hands of Fate is a low-budget horror film made by El Paso fertilizer salesman Hal P. Warren."	0
"A few days before the service, Tom Burris had thrown into Karen's casket his wedding ring."	0
