"The period of tumor shrinkage after  radiation therapy is often long and varied (mean months)."	0
"Habitat degradation from within  stream channels, loss of riparian vegetation, and reductions in water quality degrade and also limit the population."	1
"Earplugs relieve the discomfort from  traveling with a cold allergy or sinus condition."	0
"We continue to see progress toward a world free of the daily terror of  antipersonnel land mines."	0
"The Global Warming segment starts off with two, cute  anecdotes about flowers blooming early and aardvarks moving North."	1
"The report links conditions in some of the worst affected localities and the likelihood that dire poverty — combined with despair and outrage over  rampant corruption, repressive policies, and governments' failure to address local needs — could lead to outbreaks of localised unrest with the potential to spread into a wider regional conflict."	0
"Literary criticism is the study of literature by means of a microscopic knowledge of the language in which a book is written, of its growth from various  roots, of its stages of development and the factors influencing them, of its condition in the period of this particular composition, of the writer's idiosyncrasies of thought and style in his ripening periods, of the general history and literature of his race, and of the special characteristics of his age and of his contemporary writers."	1
"Famine following  drought has hit the West African savannahs, where there have been other bad droughts, notably the great one of 1972-74."	0
"People in Hawaii might be feeling aftershocks from that powerful  earthquake for weeks."	0
"One newly formed Iraqi battalion is on duty, with scheduled for activation by  summer 2004."	1
"Zinc is essential for  growth and cell division."	0
"The typical flu infection starts with  fever, muscular pains, headache and general fatigue."	1
"Apartment residents in Delaware were awarded $million for health problems attributed to mold growth from  unrepaired leaks."	0
"This industry and way of life, however, is in trouble as salmon decline due to habitat degradation from  dams, clearcutting, and overgrazing along streams."	0
"It is widely known that significant reductions of these levels produce pastries with poor lift in the oven and with unacceptable shrinkage after  cooling."	0
"Teens will find a realistic model for improving self-esteem, confronting challenges head on and the possibilities of achievement through  perseverance."	0
"The age of first marriage does not predict happiness after  marriage."	1
"It is simple and ideal when all you want to do is freshen up clothes or smooth out wrinkles from  garments that have been stored away."	1
"As long as a surviving multiplexed copy of the controlfile exists, recovery from  loss of a controlfile is simple."	1
"He predicts that the severe famine following the  good years would require a political and economic reorganization in the country."	1
"The film also features documentary like segments about fishing and about the evacuation after the  eruption of the volcano."	1
"I believe that unless we take this issue seriously, the red squirrel is facing eventual extinction from the  woods of Scotland."	1
"There should be no revenue increase from the  tax cuts - except possibly from the cuts in the higher tax rates."	0
"The following are very basic tips which may help you manage your anxiety in the  exam."	1
"There exists a widespread controversy over  stem cell research that emanates from the techniques used in the creation and usage of stem cells."	0
"The order reaches the office in minutes, allowing the order staff to start fulfillment from  warehouse inventory."	1
"Aromatherapy can be used for stress relief through  massage with sedatives like lavender and sweet marjoram."	0
"The findings clearly show a high level of satisfaction from  customers using new cutting-edge retail technology that has led to higher sales."	1
"The resulting anti-social behaviour from  alcohol consumption is an on-going matter that the town and the police continue to address, particularly in the summer months."	0
"Complementing the data from PARK, GeoFEST will model the evolution of stress and strain in a detailed simulation of the crust and mantle, potentially helping researchers predict the deformation from an  earthquake or a series of quakes."	0
"Any injury from the  neck to the shoulder of the brachial plexus would leave the arm useless."	1
"It is likely that the nausea comes from  abnormal sensations originating from areas of the brain that are sensing the lack of oxygen."	0
"That seems to me like an accusation out of  ignorance seeing that you don't even know what my characters name is."	0
"In summer 2000, an Adventist church in Polotsk, Vitebsk Region, was damaged by a fire started with  flammable liquids."	0
"Genuine joy comes from profound  spiritual awareness on life and an absolute clarity of direction, living for a purpose."	0
"Ginkgo is added for  increased circulation to the reproductive system."	1
"During discussion of the legislation concerns, were raised that the inclusion of protection from  exposure to the sun would place too heavy a burden on a number of smaller companies, especially building firms and small catering concerns, which may have a lot of outside workers."	1
"These characteristics are inconsistent with observations from  earthquakes of comparable distance and magnitude to those that dominate the hazard at Yucca Mountain."	1
"Eye discomfort from this  staring effect is exacerbated by low humidity."	0
"Jane Jacobs has argued that all economic progress comes from  urban places, that cities are the source of economic prosperity, and the role of rural areas inevitably becomes less important as development takes place."	1
"He derives great joy and happiness from  cycling."	0
"The pollution in rain comes from  mercury air pollution from coal-fired power plants and other industries."	0
"In order for handwashing to be effective, vigorous friction, ample lather from  soap, and thorough rinsing are needed to remove the germs from the hands."	1
"Alabama has since enacted legislation, allowing death by  lethal injection as an alternative choice to death in the electric chair."	0
"Gurra Krantz, skipper of the still leading yacht SEB reports some frustration after  yesterday's exhilarating rides."	1
"Driving with  sleep deprivation can have similar effects as driving under the influence."	1
"Sudden death from  inhalation of petroleum distillates is well recognised in misuses of volatile substances."	0
"The good friar was insistent on both celibacy and abstinence from  laughter."	1
"Nausea is the sensation of unease and discomfort from the  stomach, with the sufferers feeling that they may vomit."	1
"And because of a last minute collapse from  top to bottom - what would be and should be a perfect season to this point is just another year."	1
"The randomized hypertensive ABCD study demonstrated a decrease in myocardial infarction with ACE inhibitors and a decrease in overall mortality with aggressive  blood pressure control."	0
"It was also felt necessary at this time to draw up a similar document, dealing not with the prevention of marine pollution by  dumping, but instead with the prevention of marine pollution by discharges of dangerous substances from land-based sources, watercourses or pipelines."	0
"Delay and procrastination set you up for frustration after  frustration."	1
"Continuous improvement starts with the  measuring of the process performance, and the instigation of a robust process for reviewing further changes logically and quickly."	1
"The risks of this procedure include anesthesia complications (especially General), post-operative difficulty breathing, and sore throat from  intubation."	0
"During periods of wide blood sugar fluctuations and after any  change in insulin dose, the blood sugar must also be measured during the night."	1
"Their chemical activation by  light (halogen, plasma, lasers, etc.) enhances their efficiency by reducing exposure time and number of appointments."	0
"The spiciness comes from small  capsaicin glands located between the pepper's outside skin and the white ribs inside."	0
"You can see the wrinkles from 'Meredith's' face and you can even understand by looking the series that she is really about same age as 'Bailey'."	1
"Someone once said that progress comes from  dissatisfaction."	0
"Ray Parlour shows his frustration after Middlesbrough's  defeat."	0
"If governments were once content to passively realize the benefits from  funding basic research, the determination to be part of the knowledge-based economy has driven OECD countries to extract greater direct benefits from publicly funded research."	0
"The troubled company is still feeling aftershocks after its devastating  withdrawal of the pain medication Vioxx six months ago."	0
"Two sides search for the naked truth in the fight over a  painting on display in a Florida shop."	0
"In the months leading up to trade negotiations, estimates of the economic gains from  trade liberalization suddenly become newsworthy."	0
"The design of the shape of the can ends moreover has a marked effect on their ability to resist deformation from  internal pressure."	0
"This understanding is consistent with behavioural studies that have failed to clearly distinguish between people with drinking  problems and others."	0
"Myles and Simpson also identify defensive behaviour from  learners like lashing out verbally or physically or threatening the educators or other learners and withdrawing from others emotionally or physically."	1
"In the most common form of such an attack, called ischemic stroke, the blockage comes from a  blood clot that develops in one of the brain's blood vessels."	0
"Rain comes from  evaporated seawater, transferring not just water but the solar energy that took it from the sea."	1
"Women may experience anxiety from the  time they first learn about the breast abnormality."	1
"Manila radio station DZMM quoted survivors as saying that the fire started with an  explosion in the cargo hold and spread across the ship within minutes."	0
"Saunders felt a resurgence of the panic from this  morning when he'd regained consciousness in the minefield."	1
"Thatch is caused by excessive growth from  overfertilizing, by allowing the grass to get too high before mowing, or by incorrect watering."	0
"At normal room temperatures, flammable liquids can give off enough  vapour to form burnable mixtures with air."	1
"Two years ago, President George W. Bush ordered the activation by the  end of of a system capable of defending the United States against a missile attack by a terrorist group or an unfriendly rogue state such as North Korea."	1
"Most of the excitement came from the  anticipation of winning a nice prize, all for the sum of one dollar."	0
"Anyone seeking hair reduction by  laser treatment should first consult with a dermatologist, says Moore."	0
"The check given by Charles V to the advance of the Ottoman power along the African coast made him appear to the world as the liberator of the Christians and the terror of the  infidels, and gave him such prestige that Francis felt obliged to get all the advantage possible out of his alliance."	1
"Polystyrene with average molecular weight of 250,000-350,is particularly preferable because it is excellent in prevention of shrinkage after high-ratio  expansion, and in balance of strength and fusing property."	1
"Although Harry noticed it during exercise, the change that was identified was the difference in muscular discomfort from the  beginning of his training program (riding five miles per day) to his current status two months later."	1
"Yoga is fantastic for  increased flexibility, which is great for cross-training with all the other programs we offer."	0
"There are three set changes and two intervals which help the recovery from  laughter, but the entertainment is maintained despite the well expected ending."	1
"Polar bears and hippos have joined the ranks of species threatened with extinction from  climate change, unregulated hunting and other dangers created by humans."	0
"It is commonly accepted that progress comes from  science, debate, inference, logic and reasoning."	0
"Adults with  sleep deprivation who listened to soft classical music at bedtime reported a percent improvement in their quality of sleep."	1
"In fact, nobody received a drinking  injury the whole weekend."	0
"Surgery after  radiation chemotherapy is an effective local treatment, which is able to significantly increase local tumor control compared to radiation chemotherapy only."	1
"In the event of an evacuation after normal  business hours, the on-duty Security Officer and maintenance personnel will be responsible for the notification and evacuation of occupants of all buildings."	1
"Hand creams counteract dryness from  exposure to wind, sun, and detergents."	0
"In a departure from previous liftoffs, ground and aircraft cameras monitored Discovery for possible damage from falling  debris."	0
"Craig expressed his frustration after Monday's  meeting."	1
"Companies face big risk from  loss of key employees."	0
"Ancient pagan traditions used famine following  feast as a way of revealing truth."	1
"'The Incredible Shrinking Man' follows Matheson's novel and effectively captures the terror of the  protagonist as he shrinks to oblivion."	1
"Clinton Portis, who missed last week's game against Dallas because of a shoulder injury from the  preseason, rushed for yards on attempts to become the fifth-fastest player to reach the 6,000-yard mark in his career."	1
"This daily assault of inflammation in their digestive system, plus the inflammation from your  joints and an overworked immune system and excess weight can easily exceed the amount of inflammation your body can effectively handle."	1
"However, some may be able to perform minutes of moderate-intensity exercise two to three hours after breakfast without a high risk of hypoglycemia, despite slightly higher insulin levels after  eating."	0
"The moisturizers' primary function is to keep skin moist, minimize wrinkles from  dryness, smoothe and soften skin, and to deliver other ingredients, like sunscreen, that benefit the skin."	0
"As a result of direct persecution, habitat loss and habitat degradation from  1950s until 1990s, brown bear population has decreased so much."	1
"Inhibition through  synaptic depression is unlike the previous forms of inhibition in that it turns on more slowly and thus acts as delayed negative feedback."	0
"A city nightclub has had an ambitious expansion plan blocked over concerns about unruly behaviour from  drunken revellers."	1
"However, these animals are found in the intertidal zone, inside tide pools, where salinity can increase due to evaporation from  exposure to intense sunshine, or decrease from heavy rainfall or fresh water runoffs."	0
"There were the years of constant fatigue and shortness of breath, the heart attack at age 11, the collapse from  exhaustion on her high school graduation night."	0
"Depression after  heart attack increases future risk."	1
"Examples include the exclusion of certain benefits from  funding standards and the exclusion of entire plans from certain funding requirements."	1
"This program will be an effective step to mitigate damage from  hurricanes - but let us not forget this is a retroactive measure."	0
"I know another drinking  accident happened in the Gallup area the other day, which is plagued by drinking and driving accidents."	1
"Scientific progress comes from  breakthroughs and breakthroughs by their very nature are unpredictable and surprising in their impact."	0
"Declines of great gray owls in California may be due to habitat degradation from  logging, grazing, and development."	0
"That year, summer students at the VLA made the first discovery of radio emission from a brown  dwarf."	1
"Parents also experience anxiety from  fear of the suffering of their child and worry about an uncertain outcome."	0
"Kids love watching the stages of growth from  caterpillar to cocoon to butterfly in this easy reliable kit."	1
"Grubs tend to cause significant damage from  autumn to spring by which time the larvae are becoming fully grown."	1
"Cooperation through  physical activity promotes important life skills."	1
"Villagers live in constant terror of  indiscriminate gunfire which fills the nights throughout Chechnya."	0
"From our point of view, the moral outrage over Manet's  painting seems hypocritical, if not utterly inexplicable."	0
"This lamp can cause serious skin burn and eye inflammation from  shortwave ultraviolet radiation if outer envelope of the lamp is broken or punctured."	0
"St John's wort was at least as effective as paroxetine in reducing severity of depression after six  weeks."	1
"A tear or a crease changes the character of the surface more drastically than a mere deformation from  roundness."	0
"In this study we examined mood alterations through  physical activity and other interventions."	1
"Anemia, fatigue or drowsiness after  meals may indicate that parasites are competing with the body for nutrients."	1
"Waves from  earthquakes travel at different velocities through different media."	0
"Insulin resistance with  sleep deprivation has been reported in a laboratory study of young, healthy volunteers."	1
"Energy expenditure through  physical activity is a key component in the prevention and treatment of overweight and obesity."	0
"You can do a simple experiment which shows how important sun is for  growth by planting a seed and putting it in a closet."	1
"In addition, scientists may have a number of potentially useful targets to prevent and treat this lethal tumour because of the findings that NOXmediated overproduction of hydrogen peroxide is responsible for increased  growth and decreased death of cancer cells."	0
"The controlled environment facility is for  growth of experimental material only."	1
"This can be caused by hepatitis, alcoholic liver disease, liver inflammation from  medications, fatty liver, liver tumors, or heart failure."	0
"It has opened a sacred refuge for every lie and wrong; no wildest form of which could fail to find some precedent within these Hebrew histories, which tell the story of a people's upward growth from  savagery."	1
"Six glowing disks await activation by the  footsteps of desert wanderers."	0
"Tub drains clog up with hair and the grease from  soap and must be cleaned out occasionally."	1
"Thailand has been bracing itself for a downturn in the wake of the  bombs, especially in the tourist sector."	0
"To the shock of international observers, the Libyan court found the medics guilty last year and sentenced them to death by  firing squad."	1
"This prescription drug alleviates panic from  claustrophobia and is also very handy for airplane rides and in case of broken-down subway cars or elevators."	0
"Everybody in the region experienced the tremors after  midnight."	1
"Deposits grew 20% with particularly good growth from  corporates."	1
"The studies revealed that skin irritation from  soaps, inaccessibility to supplies or sinks, and insufficient time to wash hands between every patient care contact were the main reasons given by healthcare workers for lack of handwashing compliance."	0
"Infection starts with  manual execution of the binary."	0
"Anthony finds inspiration in a beautiful, enigmatic older woman who teaches him to follow his heart and find happiness through  swing dancing."	0
